  Before I joined knights, I have been in other guilds, and gathered
  lots of information.  Being a knight, I was surprised to see the lack
  of knowledge that I have, and think I might benefit the guild by
  sharing my knowledge.  This is just off the top of my head, so it
  won't be fantastic or anything.
  Here goes:
  Eeyores tail, random sp regen, I believe its unique.
  Chaos 4w,e,open chest,all n, a few east, north until you can go west, west
  until you can go north, north once and this is eeyore.  80K, you can't
  leave his room if you start combat with him.  he has a hard special.
 
 
  Translucent eq 40K winds, hunters, there are 4 winds.
  Chaos: 3e,2s,2e,4n,break arch,say land,w,2nw,3n,e,nw,w,6s,2w,n,w,enter 
  stairwell. its a 3x3 square.  they are in the corners. 
 
  Granite staff, very nice weapon, need a 60 str to pick it up! 40K mob.
  chaos 3e,2s,2e,4n,break arch,say land,w,2nw,3n,3e,4n,3e,3n,cross 
  bridge,e,n,e,s,e,4n,w,n,w,jump boat easy fight. 
 
  Spectral hand/staff, 70K mobs, hunt, quite hard.  Go to the granite staff, 
  but after cross bridge, e,n,e,s,e,n,lie down. 
  in each room, dig dirt and they will appear, they are not agro.
 
  Unfettered staff, heals hps with the orcrest from trell, go to granite 
  staff, don't jump boat, go w,s,e,2s,w,n 50K hunts 
 
  there is another unfettered staff, on Terrill, 50K hunts
  chaos 3e,2s,2e,4n,break arch,say land,w,2nw,3n,e,nw,n,w,nw,4w,all n,
  ford,n,ford,n,w,n,w
 
  Rings of left/right brain control on 2 mobs, heh each 100K or so quite
  easy to fight if you are careful.
  chaos 3e,2s,2e,n,2e,s,e,say shakrali (wait),follow instincts
  from here, the rings are n,e,n,open door,e,say hypnotize me.  Then
  I think I will let you figure this part out, its kind of fun, they
  are puzzles.  Ask me for hints and I will help you. but when you get to
  the fights, you can leave.  the other ring is n,w,n,open door say
  hypnotize me, and there are 3 more puzzles. each puzzle has a mob to fight.
  they start out at like 10K 20K 30K and the brains are 100K.  for the
  staff of mind control its n,w,n,open door,w, kill freud or whomever.
  Be careful, he is like 80K and is harder than the brains.
 
  Einsteins brain, +3 int, non-worn item, lasts till you log out.
  100+K, very, very tough. not sure if you can wimpy or not, but I think you
  can.  from chaos its 3e,2s,2e,(2 or 3n),path,ne,climb gate,2w,search
  tree, search bark? not sure, if not here, go north and do it. then go to
  the east side (the map is a square) and go trail or something,
  with the key you got from the tree, you unlock paperholder, and go back
  to the beginning of the area where you've climbed the gate, open door, 
  enter 
  or north whichever the exit is, and kill einstein.  then use brain.
 
  hmm, I think that's all I can think of for chaos at the moment.
 
  Science.
  Dog collar, 80K dog, kinda hard, wimpyable.  heals 2/2/rnd, breakable,
  fixable, -10ac to each type of armour.  very very good for mages, or low
  knights.  from science, enter, u, 2e,d,enter train(get off at first stop)
  exit,s,2e,u,w,s,e,enter building,2n,e(kill a 30K janitor),push wall, kill 
  dog 
  an easy way to get back from here, go out,w,2s,out,2w,enter and you are
  at the chaos vortex
  :)
  I am going to continue this on another note because lag is getting very 
  bad. 


  growl, stupid call waiting just made me waste a 70 line post!!!!!!!!
  to get the mega huge dildo, go towards the dog collar, at the train go 
  s,2e,u 
  all n, 3w,south until you can enter a building, 2n,w,open curatin, kill 
  candi 
  40K, pretty good wand.
  earmuffs 75
  doh
  okay, duke nukems helmet ( I don't know exactly, but you can wander if
  you really want it) science, enter, u, 2n, place head, unique, need a 50
  charisma to wear it.  Wander around, very toug area, 50K agros wander
  around.  area is tricky to get out of.
 
  okay, fantasy items.
  here are directions to the underdark, there are many items in here so
  from this point I will start the post
  to the udark, from eforest portal go 5w,5s,5e,9s,2w
  from here you can get the dark black potion with yellow floaties.
  hunting agressive 15-30K rabbits so be careful.  sw,nw,d,s,w,n,sw,
  all w,killing as you go, from here go down,north, has a special, addhp 
  damagee 
  and is not agro, about 40K or 50K.
  from udark go s,4d,4n,ne,kill,d,2s,2e,2s,2e,s,e,s,e(or abouts)
  and kil the hound here, you MUST!!! kill the hound or you
  will meet the jabberwocky, and he is very mean!
  (from the southeast corner its 3w,n,e cause I know those directions aren't 
  perfect) 
  from here you can get dark green eq by wandering the level, its
  in the shape of a cross, they are all 70-90K and huurt,4 knights had a 
  trouble 
  killing them so have a nice big party.  theyn from here you can also
  get the demon spider carapace, pulse rod, portable morgue and wand of
  fireballs.
  go 2s,2e,2s,3e,2n,2e,2n,ww,2n,2w,s,w,s (or close) kill all 4 monters here 
  and go down. 
  the pulse rod from here is n,w,s,w, kill big ugly, easy 30K, the pulse
  rod is RANDOMLY in the bag.
  from the down go (about) s,w,2s,e,s,2e,s(portable morgue),n,e,n(wand of 
  fireballs) 
  from the down exit go s,w,2s,e,s,e,s,w,n,2w,n for the carapace
  it is tied for the best ac armour in the game, 70K, poisons, doesn't hunt,
  and isn't agro.  it resets 3x/reboot, one every hour or so.
 
 
  to get the strange ring, from eforest portal go 5e,s,alle board ship(when 
  it is there) 
  stairs search barrels (for 5 whie pearls you can crush for 50-90hps above 
  max) 
  and they are stackable
  from here you can open door and fight the 400K scarecrow, doesn't
  hit very hard, has a bazillion hps and is undead so hps above max are gone 
  when 
  you fight him.
  hc earring 1hp/sp/rnd regen, 1 is fake and heals sps for hps.
  from road portal go n,east until you can enter the tower with ghaelin
  guarding it, u, kill the 2 50K guards, north
  and kill the 100K mage, very tough, need more than 2 people to kill him.
  to get the powerstone which heals sps for hps, its from the
  ice portal, e,n,trail,nw,ne,all n, climb up the mountain,e,(cl=climb up the 
  mountain),cl,e,cl,e,cl,e,cl,e,cl(until you can't go 
  ,w,kill cryohydra (100K I think) multiple attacks
  after he dies, enter and fight the mage he has 2/boot, 1 at reboot
  and 1 at 1/2 reboot so if reboot is 18 hrs, he
  will have the second stone at 9 hrs etc.
 
  there are more items to find, but I am kinda mind-blanked at the moment.
  there are 2 more in chaos I forgot
  diamond studded tiger collar
  chaos 3e,2s,w,buy ticket, n,ne,n,nw,sw,nw,n,nw,sw (or somewhere like that)
  there are 50K clowns which will stop you from moving, and are tough
  so be careful.  the tiger, if he is in his room, will not let you leave
  until he does, whether you start fighting him or not. he is about 120K
  his collar has random sp regen, from 1-30 I'm not sure, and has a good ac.
  to get the wwf belts, 1/1 regen for the real belt, and you can choose
  1/0 or 0/1 regen on the fake belts by flipping the switch.
  chaos 3e,s,2e,n,search papers(for a free ticket heh),all n,all e,all n,etc, 
  enter, wait till 
  you get into the ring, and ring bell, there about 1bout 15 mobs, ranging 
  from 15K to 120K(andre the giant) 
  you cannot leave the ring in the middle of combat, to leave without killing 
  all the wrestlers, search emblem. but the ring canr 
  fight until you ring in andre the giant, he is tough and hits around.
  there are 4 fake, and 1 real belt.
 
  I don't have perfect directions, or perfect figures for all these items 
  because 
  I don't want to give you everything in a handbasket,  I will leave some
  of the exploring, up to you.  But be careful, don't try jumping the gun
  and killing yourself trying to get some of these items.  All of these items 
  I was getting as a monk 
  and found it was quite hard to get as a knight, even in larger parties.
  I hope you enjoy this information.
  Krank the honourable knight.

