-=[ Quests of the 3 Kingdoms ]=- 

1. ( Not Done ) [ 1 ] Marbles Not solved this reboot.

You've returned 25 marbles:

amethyst chondrite lavender tangerine 
arsenic chrysoberyl oak trinitrotoluene 
beige concrete opal viridian 
beryl cream orange yellow 
bone glass pearl 
brown jade sage 
cerulean khaki tan 

Marbles are all over the Kingdom. List of ones I found.
Amethyst Marble, Amethyst tower, get amethyst from cavemaw, enter, get marble.
Arsenic Marble, Orc Village, Shaman room, exa jar, empty jar, don't eat it.
Beige Marble - Chinchila Farm, Managers Office, sit chair, search rubble
Beryl Marble, Ruins of an Old City, near one sarcophagus, search statue.
Brown Marble - Alanta, Cyber Pope Toilet.
Bone Marble - Fantasy,Road Portal,s,2w,sw,kill Arcanarton the second time,Spherical Bone Shard,id it.
Cerulean Marble - peerons castle, search tapestry 6
Chondrite Marble - 
chrysoberyl Marble - Smurfs, Gargamal Cauldron, Extinguish fire, get all from cauldron
Concrete Marble - Fantasy, wayhaven portal,12n,leave,2n,3e,remove marble from dam,run.
Cream Marble, A parcel, unwrap parcel, can only unwrap once, but there is a random number of layers of paper on it.
Glass Marble - Random Crystal Ball
Jade Marble, Dryad Tree, Climb to the top, Search Crown
Khaki Marble -ROTC,n,n,n,kill pope, search desk.
Lavender Marble - Carebears, grumpy, search table,e,search carpet, unlock lock.
Oak Marble - Druid Copse, Trace Knot, Plant Oak Sapling, Come back, Pick acorn.
Olive Marble - blister in chaos, 4w/e/s/w enter bliss,search
Opal Marble, Cave Maw, search debris, a bunch, stab membrane with glass, a bunch.
Orange Marble, Giant Camp,5w,jump,dive pool,2d,get fish,eat fish.
Pearl Marble, Atlantis, Bottom of Ocean, Search, Get Oyster, Open Oyster.
Sage Marble, Adventurers guild,exa desk,exa paperweight,get paperweight.
Tan Marble, Djinni, Go to Island in east, dig sand, climb tree, get key, unlock box.
Tangerine Marble - Hyperfunk Zone, all s, all e. 
Trinitrotoluene Marble - A Black Tank, find paper,find manual, fire tank a bunch.
Viridian Marble - Ancient Dolmen, Kill Bandits, Free Children, Untie rope.
Yellow Marble - Sesamee Street, Big Birds Nest, search nest

Possible areas not checked

1. from chaos go all north..then all west..keep going 1s,all west,1s,all west,etc. untill you find a cash 

register.. 'search register' and find a marble.

3. wayhaven-in the dir archway, I think 7w/3n,

4. wayhaven portal- 7w/3n, somewhere east of there in a fountain-search fountain 


6. the blister in chaos, 4w/e/s/w enter bliss- search around there/pop blister to get out

9. tower in sci, right outside train station, climb it, search crate

10. login-search doorframe

11. cot-search plaque

12. museum in pinnacle-search stairs

13. near katin quest-forest portal/5w/3s/2w/5n/2w/4n/search tomb/push button/d/kill/search dirt/d/3n/

2-3w/kill/w/search walls/kill/2w?/e/read writing/s/s/laugh/w/look up/3d/kill/out/search treasure twice

14. Jack the ripper area-in the shop, search floorboards

16. hay in the scarecrows room

17. bad guy in top of arcanarton tower

19. phantoms boat in phantom of the opera area

20. Janitors secret room in factory in science

21. In a pool, from chaos, 3w/2e/2s/enter mist/s/e/search pool/search mud


23. sci/enter/u/4n/d/3n/7e/se/e/search hand

25. in the project area/in the massage parlor/go upstairs/n/w/search bed

26. supposed to be a marble in the catapult or in the cave above it in fantasy

27. road portal/9e/6s/w/s/enter/s/kill/s/turn crank/enter well/search water/climb rope

28. chaos/3w/3n/d/n/search mist


2. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] BBN Planet Not solved this reboot.
from chaos,2w,lift cover,north,kill technician,search stain,kill technician
plug dcr.net cable into what ever server can handle it.

3. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] Bug Not solved this reboot.
Mosquito around town, setup a trigger to move the direction it moves.

4. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] Chop Tree Not solved this reboot.
There is a tree hidden in newbie land and you need an axe to chop it down.
This time the tree was hidden in disney behind Donalds house. Axe was in
a tree in hidden area west of weary pesant in farmland, entrance is footpath.
Tree was hidden in newbie forest last time through newbie land.

5. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] Codename: Kodiak Not solved this reboot.
Search rubble in one north room and you'll find a secret area over it.
You will find an elevator in there search elevator and enter it.
Search floor and Ceiling. Talk to Ford and he will give you password.
Give password to Richardson and he will give you a helmet.
Wear the helmet and scan every room. When the helmet says 75% search room.
Their will be an secret exit. Next room will be Kodiak. Kill him!

6. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] Free Cho Not solved this reboot.
chaos,w,w,w,e,s,e,flip switch,push button,enter,kill everthing,free cho,ride beam.


7. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] Mack Not solved this reboot.
Mack is a hidden exix, a block in the middle of nowhere. Search block.
Get a donut and give to duplocop and he give you a key. Unlock and enter
cell and search wall. Get a combo for lock box. Go to bank and request
that number. Get block from box. Go get ladder and enter duploschool
kill teacher search black board. Get bone. Give bone to duplodog and 
he digs up block get block. Attach block to block and it makes a key.
He south to a house and go to the attic. Go up, unlock door, kill Mack.

8. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] Newbie Academy Not solved this reboot.

9. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] Ralintaro Not solved this reboot.
Newbieland, Find Tower, Kill Ralintaro.

10. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] Resource Crisis Not solved this reboot.
Take Taxi,enter truch, search tools, enter shed, shearh tools, enter trailer,
search desk, look at every person to see if they have tools. you need.
wire cutters, and digitlal metrameeter, find the oil rig tower, climb up,
test red wire, test green wire, test yellow wire, test blue wire, cut the
one that has power.

12. ( Complete ) [* 5 *] Tree Not solved this reboot.
Town, look at tree near musuem.

13. ( Complete ) [ 8 ] Twelve Princesses Not solved this reboot.
Book Nook -> nw, recline,say twelve princesses,say proclamation
say discover,(get cloak),road,say quest,say twelve princesses,say discover
say yes,(get gemstone),w,lay bed,(wait for wine),pour wine,n,search beds
knock on bedpost,(wait),d,(wait),2w,board,(wait),leave,pluck goblet,board
(wait),leave,pluck twig, e (3x),2u,s,e,give goblet to king,give twig to king (3x)

14. ( Complete ) [ 10 ] Arcanarton Not solved this reboot.
Road Portal,s,2w,sw,trail
Arcanarton: Fantasy/road portal/2w/s/sw/trail/enter. 
Go up the tower to the very top, where you'll find Arcanarton.
Arcanarton is at the top, 30k-35k, non-aggro, non-hunting wimpy safe.
Kill imp then kill him. There is also a marble here

15. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Destroy Barney Not solved this reboot.
chaos,w,s,s,s,kill stagehand,get backstage pass,search directors office,
or search prop room,find bottle, find bright green door, enter door, 
search couch, give bottle to barny, he attacks, kill barny.

16. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Disney Not solved this reboot.
Go to the west until you can go south. Then go all south and all west 
until you find Doc at the mine. Say diamond and he'll give you a pickaxe.
Swing pickaxe in every room of the mine until you find the diamond, 
then go back to where you went south. Head all west to the house in 
the forest and go in. Give the diamond to Snow White and say mirror. 
She'll give you a mirror. Go all e from the beginning until you can 
swim, swim, go first s, kill ursula, s, get letter, go back to witch, 
show letter to witch, talk to witch until she says she wants the mirror, 
show mirror to witch, give mirror to witch.plan She drops the award, 
pick it up and go back to the mirror. Head south and check out the 
first house to the west. Inside is Mickey, give the award to him.


17. ( Not Done ) [ 10 ] Djinni Not solved this reboot.
Djinni: Djinni Bring a light source.
Wayhaven, all e, leave, folow road e/ne until you get to the docks. 
In the room before either dock (exits e or n) swim or swim in ocean.
Swim until you get to another beach with only exit south. 
Go s and then climb over rocks then examine cliff, examine 
cave etc. Dive water, watch mob until it settles on the bottom, 
kill mob, examine bottom, search slime, get bottle. 
(Key you get from mob can be used to open a tan box on 
the island in this area to get a tan marble).

Once you 
have the bottle, return home or to a good area. 
You may want to put eq in a box as you can't use 
eq or guild powers once inside the bottle.
Remove cork.

You now suck. I will only say the 
things you have to do - you may want to kill the
mobs to get eq as you will have none.
Go to the room with Stinky/Skippy/whatever his name is
- he is the newbie. 
Here you can pick flowers for a 100 hp heal. 
Left of him is a room with an anorexic slave. 
You can exa garden, pick vegetables, get vegetables.
Each vegetable gives approx 100 hp heal. You will need these!
Go to the mage, wait until he says the magic word 'Kazam' 
To the right of the mage, search rocks for a hunting knife, 
this helps ALOT! Go to centre and say key in front of a mob 
(I did this with the rogue but I assume it will work for any of them).
Mob will tell you which little mob in the outer circle has their particular key.
Go to them and say key again. 
They will give you a key to the door.
Kill guard in inner circle (I found him pretty hard), 
unlock door, go 2n - here is the mage (non-aggro) 
I would suggest having as many flowers/vegetables and ppl available 
for hmheal from afar as possible for this bit.
Kill mage, get sword. Go s, search room, say kazam, 
climb stairs, give sword to Djinni. (10)

18. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Gameshow Not solved this reboot.
chaos,2e,3n,game in every direction, go win one, if you don't get a trophy
go win another one untill you do win a trophy, quest done.

19. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Nightmare Not solved this reboot.
Chaos,w,all north,w,n, Take pillow from bed,Sleep bed,All east,s,w
search pictures,2e/d/kill bully,Take his jacket and search pocket,w,nw,
take tray,search tray,se,s,e,kill principal,Take bianca blast, and push
button,2w,search locker,search notebookgo all north,e,s.
Give gift to mate bunch of times kiss mate. Done.

20. ( Complete ) [* 10*] NY Mugger Not solved this reboot.
Science,up,e,e,down,enter train,go to new york, kill mugger.

21. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Orc Slayer Not solved this reboot.
Road Portal,4w,2n,path,say orc slayer,say yes,say shaman,say leave,path,
2s,16e,4n,search,enter shelter,kill shaman,get sword,out,4s,16w,2n,path,
say orc slayer.

22. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Rampart Not solved this reboot.
Have to solve 6 riddles,fantasy,all east,leave,e,se,all east,s,sinkhole
pay homage by 'pray'ing,accept the challenge,compassion,heart,mind
forgiveness,understanding,love,get the soulgem. go 'out' 3w,north to
portal, go back to sinkhole, give soulgem to figure.

23. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Sarkath Khan Not solved this reboot.
Wayhaven,12n,leave,10n,5w,path, have to stay the night so enter, buy room.
Sit, Zarkof intruduced him self, he wants a beer, stand, buy a few beers,
sit,give zarkof a beer, he tells a story and gives you a map, stand, go find
your room, close door, and sleep. Soon as you sleep your moved out of inn.
2s,6w,kill warrior,w,enter,n,ne,n,nw,kill all,open coffin,
say hello,say freed,get shovel,leave undergound, dig in every room in plains,
when you find loose soil, keep diging, search skeleton, get crystal, go back to
Sarkath Khan, give crystal to Sarkath Khan, he gives back and asks you to break
it, smash crystal.

24. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Save Grandma! Not solved this reboot.
Chaos,s,s,s,s,ne,search in every room until you find a red cloak, follow
path, then walkway until you come to cottage, knock door, wolf rips off
your cloak and attacks, kill wolf, open closet, and you saved grandma.

25. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Spaceport Not solved this reboot.
Chaos,s,s,ride comet,enter winnibago, pull lever 3 times,exit winnibago
Talk to king, go south to desert, kill spaceball, get comb, comb desert 
until you find door, enter door, kill prince, get amulet, wear amulet,
lift statue, get ring, wear ring, leave, go north to mega maid, flip switch
Push darth, leave mega maid, get debris, give debris to king, make sure you
are still wearing amulet and ring.

27. ( Complete ) [* 10*] Zetron Not solved this reboot.
Fantasy, exa seal,go n,n,w,w,enter,buy mid sized, short and long ladder,out
then go e,e,e,e,enter,buy incense,out,s,s,w,w, get seal 3 times, then go
7w,6s,3w,s,burn incense,return seal

28. ( Complete ) [* 13*] Lothlarian Not solved this reboot.
South in newbieland,exa tree, search tree, enter, go south, elf is hanging
in a tree, rescue elf, search elf, search trees, find elf that ties knots,
find horn thats tied in a knot, untie horn, to go hill, blow horn.

29. ( Complete ) [ 15 ] Alphabet Not solved this reboot.
Chaos/enter/2e/d. Kill the letters to spell the word HELICOPTER. 
You only need one E. Make sure you have one of the items other than a 
letter from one of the kills. The letter R is in a hidden room. 
Once you have all this, go back to the H room and 'spell helicopter'. 
Note that if you leave the area for any reason before you spell helicopter
that you have to do it all over again.


30. ( Not Done ) [ 15 ] Boomer Rampage Not solved this reboot.

31. ( Complete ) [* 15*] Hobgoblin Not solved this reboot.
Fantasy,12n,leave,11n,path,3nw,enter,kill goblin guards that show up,
enter,nw,w,n,search water,leap,search bones,get bone,leap,s,e,se,sw,
w,nw,Kill goblins,u,n,Kill kids,get knife,s,d,d,s,give bone to goblin,
give knife to goblin, He makes you a flute,n,w,Kill goblins, w, play flute,
mage will die,open box,get amulet from box,2e,climb,se,e,ne,e,3se,path,11s,
enter,12s,7w,3s,4w,5s,enter,say zalasta,u,u,u,s,give amulet to zalasta

32. ( Complete ) [* 15*] Jack the Ripper Not solved this reboot.
chaos,3e,3n,walk around till you get attacked, search like crazy, find
cloth, take cloth to constubale, accuse who constubale tells you, Kill Jack.

33. ( Complete ) [ 15 ] Macabre Collector Not solved this reboot.
gotofantasy/7w/3s/all w/n/enter/
Portentous Shoppe (exit,n)
Cuthbert Pottly.
> That is not here.
'hello
You say: hello 
> Cuthbert says: Charmed. 
Cuthbert says: And welcome. 
list
Cuthbert would gladly give you a tour if you asked.
> 'tour
You say: tour 
> Cuthbert claps his hands together.

Cuthbert says: Ah, I just know you'll love this precious wing brooch. 

Cuthbert says: Over here is a splendid mummified head. 

Cuthbert says: Have I shown you this before? Never mind, I know you'll love
this green eye. 

Cuthbert says: So that's the whirlwind tour. You are welcome to browse
before you buy. 
browse
Browse what?
> l

N 
\ | /
Portentous Shoppe ---*--- 
/ | \ 


The overwhelming exhibit of dramatic objects d'art creates an
oppressive atmosphere. The small space is sheathed in a gloominess
that is formed from the dark decor, not the lack of adequate lighting.
In a final insult to the senses, suffocating the fresh air is the
mingled odour of dust, incense and the musty smell of aged paper.
There are two obvious exits: exit, north 
Cuthbert Pottly.
> list
Cuthbert would gladly give you a tour if you asked.
> browse eye
You look around for a eye to look at.


Cuthbert says: This is a carefully preserved eye with an amazing pale green
iris. There is a hardened coating which protects this
trinket and helps it to keep its shine. All this for an
amazingly good price of 2000 coins. 
> Cuthbert says: What rare splendors I have. 
'help
You say: help
> 'supply
You whisper to Cuthbert: supply 
> Cuthbert smiles.

Cuthbert says: You are looking for a job, yes? Excellent, let's go
somewhere private to talk. 
Cuthbert takes out a large key from his pocket and unlocks the door at
the back of the room.

Cuthbert quickly shoos you through.



\ | /
Pottly's Private Collection ---*--- 
/ | \ 
S 

For a shop back room, this is rather typical with its cramped
dimensions. The sole piece of furniture, a large wooden table, fills
most of this available space and only just leaves enough room to
maneuver. With the perfect precision of a psychotic collector, a
macabre collection of fairies is displayed on the table's surface.
There is one obvious exit: south 
Cuthbert Pottly.
'job
You say: job 
> 
Cuthbert says: As you can see I have a rather distinct hobby. Delightful,
yes? My collection is never complete and I need more. 
evoke attenuate at south
You attenuate yourself towards the south.
From your extension you see:

N 
\ | /
Portentous Shoppe ---*--- 
/ | \ 


The overwhelming exhibit of dramatic objects d'art creates an
oppressive atmosphere. The small space is sheathed in a gloominess
that is formed from the dark decor, not the lack of adequate lighting.
In a final insult to the senses, suffocating the fresh air is the
mingled odour of dust, incense and the musty smell of aged paper.
There are two obvious exits: exit, north 
> l


\ | /
Pottly's Private Collection ---*--- 
/ | \ 
S 

For a shop back room, this is rather typical with its cramped
dimensions. The sole piece of furniture, a large wooden table, fills
most of this available space and only just leaves enough room to
maneuver. With the perfect precision of a psychotic collector, a
macabre collection of fairies is displayed on the table's surface.
There is one obvious exit: south 
Cuthbert Pottly.
> l


\ | /
Pottly's Private Collection ---*--- 
/ | \ 
S 

For a shop back room, this is rather typical with its cramped
dimensions. The sole piece of furniture, a large wooden table, fills
most of this available space and only just leaves enough room to
maneuver. With the perfect precision of a psychotic collector, a
macabre collection of fairies is displayed on the table's surface.
There is one obvious exit: south 
Cuthbert Pottly.
> 'job
You say: job 
> 
Cuthbert says: As you can see I have a rather distinct hobby. Delightful,
yes? My collection is never complete and I need more. 
'hobby
You say: hobby 
> 
Cuthbert says: I collect different fae and keep them in this perfect
state. Have a look around but no touching. 
'collection
You say: collection 
> 
Cuthbert says: I collect different fae and keep them in this perfect
state. Have a look around but no touching. 
'complete
You say: complete
> 'more
You say: more 
> 
Cuthbert says: Each fairy looks completely different now. Some of my more
adventurous customers have joined me in this hobby. So, I
was selling them any double-ups that I had but now I have
run out. 
'fairy
You say: fairy 
> Cuthbert says: Perfection, magical perfection. 
'out
You say: out 
> 
Cuthbert says: I discovered a new place to collect fairies, in the garden
of an abandoned cottage. I collected enough for my
collection and received orders from my customers. As soon
as I did this the cottage owner renovated the cottage and
took up residence. 
'cottage
You say: cottage 
> Cuthbert says: A lovely place, I spend some time there. 
'garden
You say: garden 
> Cuthbert says: A lovely place, I spend some time there. 
Cuthbert peers at you over the rim of his spectacles. 
'owner
You say: owner 
> Cuthbert says: She likes to be called Aunt May. 
'aunt may
You say: aunt may 
> Cuthbert says: She likes to be called Aunt May. 
'may
You say: may 
> Cuthbert says: She likes to be called Aunt May. 
'Aunt May
You say: aunt may 
> Cuthbert says: She likes to be called Aunt May. 
'fairy
You say: fairy 
> Cuthbert says: Perfection, magical perfection. 
You say: more 
Cuthbert says: Each fairy looks completely different now. Some of my more
adventurous customers have joined me in this hobby. So, I
was selling them any double-ups that I had but now I have
run out. 
You say: out 
Cuthbert says: I discovered a new place to collect fairies, in the garden
of an abandoned cottage. I collected enough for my
collection and received orders from my customers. As soon
as I did this the cottage owner renovated the cottage and
took up residence. 
You say: orders 
Cuthbert says: I have a lot of orders to fill and very little time. If
you want a job I will pay you to go to the cottage and
collect at least six different fairies. Leave when you are
ready. 


34. ( Complete ) [ 17 ] Perfection Not solved this reboot.
chaos,4w,e,s,w,2s,2e,n,enter warehouse. tease flower,kill tulip,
kill nail,get everything,ride particle,tussle flower,kill nail,kill tulip
get nothing,taste experience,conduct experiment,climb ladder,return everything
ladder,caress tulips,be perfect,do nothing,tease flower,enter imperfect panel
qwerty,lick glass,enter perfect panel,u,enter heart,die,return nothing


35. ( Complete ) [* 20*] Ebonbane Not solved this reboot.
From mist go: n/nw/n/ne/n/nw. You are now at Barovia entrance.
n,ne,n,10w,s,4sw,6w,nw,2w,sw,8w,cloak room,n,e,search stuff,get key
w,n,e,u,se,search stuff,get key,back to the cloak room,sw,2nw,w,s,
search stuff,get key,n,e,2s,w,s,kill spirit,get key,to cloak room,
2n,w,d,w.


36. ( Complete ) [* 20*] Free Stag Not solved this reboot.
Fantasy,roadportal,2n,3e,2n,path,2w,nw,2n,nw,2w,2n,all north, kill bodyguard,
kill lord,search torch,search stand, move stand, down, kill griffin or harpy,
north, get all,s,u,s,e,e,u,w,s,e,kill lady, get gem,w,n,e,d,4w,d,3e,s,kill guard,
get key, unlock door, open door, e,kill giant, get gem, search, you will see markings,
find the markings that say, place lords gem, ladys gem, and catle gem here..........
drop gem, drop gem, drop gem, down, north east area, up, free stag, w to head out.


37. ( Complete ) [* 20*] Frozen Dude Not solved this reboot.
Ice portal,s,w,s,w,w,s,w,touch statue,First find and kill the lumberjack,
get the axe, wield axe, chop tree every room, get log, 
chop down all the trees (somewhere n and w of statue), get the logs and light them. 
Go to cave: from statue n/w/n/n
In the cave you will lose hp due to the cold in there, so you have to do this
rather quickly. 
Or wear a cloak from in there. If you're lucky there will be a monster 
in the last room wielding the Sword of Darkness,
so invoke a light before you enter. If you get too low hp in there. 
go cave/n/n/d/w/s/w/u/s/w/u/e/n/n/e/n/w/d
melt the dude (I don't exactly remember the syntax for it, but you have the logs,
try to do something with them, or just melt dude or something), thaw dude with log

38. ( Complete ) [ 20 ] Waldo Not solved this reboot.
Chaos/enter/4w/2e/w. You should be in Waldo's house. Find the closet and
search around.search corner adn find an exit, go exit, in a room with 
footprints, trace footprints or trace symbol, end up in a room with a vault 
and a hole in the floor, enter hole, exa tube, search tube or whatever to 
get paper, read paper/writing, d, pull plug, exa walls, trace symbol - 
should be back at the vault, type , exa walls, 
exa money, q money, exa plaque - plaque will tell you where to seek for
Waldo (mine was 'If it's Waldo you seek then you must look for a Fish Scale',
which are in the bottom of the tank of water), out, enter hole, d, pull plug,
climb stairs/stairs, exa house - take note of what movie is on the side of the
house, exa bed, q bed, say hi, when he asks what his favourite movie is, say 
movie that was on side of the house, shake hand, climb window - done.

Another version;go w into the tube, spin around. This take you to the roof. 
Search the X, read the paper, go to the vault, enter combination, inside 
the vault exa the money, exa the bill. There should be a $26 bill that has 
waldo on it. Search the plate, exa plate. This tells you to look for a fish 
eye to find waldo. go back to the tank. exa fish exa eyes, exa eye, search 
eye this should press a button which takes you to waldo. Tell him his 
favourite movie from the side of the house and then shake his hand. climb 
out to window to exit room. Mars Attacks exa bottom of the pool for paper
It says: 'If it's Waldo you seek then you must look for a Flower Pot'. 
Odd plants in the central room w of the area entrance.


39. ( Complete ) [ 25 ] Accipiter Not solved this reboot.
Gotofantasy,wforest,e,2s,talk to Grus till he says son,iceportal,6s,5e talk
to grus till he gives you a note, back to Grus, give note to Grus,when he
cries like a baby, enter tree,search,e,
You say: trees 
Accipiter says: I cannot help but find beauty in the majesty of trees. 
They are the kings of the forest, majestic and more than
grand. My admiration has indeed been my undoing. 
You say: help 
Accipiter nods and says: I see, you have come to explore the world of my
Powers... What town are you from? 
You say: pinnacle 
Accipiter says: Aha! A citizen of old Cancer's villa...in our humble
sycamore. 
You say: cancer 
Accipiter says: I have shared few words with him myself, though I know him
to be a good man. 
You say: sycamore 
Accipiter says: Well, if you've come to learn about our Power's world, you
have surely ventured accurately. Yes, I can help you
learn about their Odyssey... 
The stately elder bird preens his wings gingerly. 
You say: odyssey 
Accipiter says: So you are coming to me without much prior knowledge, this
I see. It is no matter, I...ahh bugger, could you do an
old bird a favor, and help me stretch my wing? 
stretch wing
You help the old hawk stretch his left wing.
Accipiter says: Ahh yes, that's it, much obliged... 
Accipiter says: You are a good soul...I will indeed help you in your quest
for knowledge. But before we embark upon this new
learning, will you carry out just a small chore for me? 
You say: chore 
Accipiter says: Ahh, good, good...you are most kind. There is a special
forest south of the mainland, the Forest of Types. If
only you'd be so kind as to retrieve for me a branch of
the Moon Tree, and some Turquoise Jelly. 
Accipiter continues: It is a trifling request almost... both are easily
enough obtained. And I will ensure that the forest
will aid you. 
Accipiter says: I need both items for a broth I am cooking. When you
return with them, we can both sit and enjoy the warm soup,
and I'll tell you all you wish to know about the world of
the creators. 
Accipiter says: Oh, and concern yourself not with the crane who guards my
home... he will pay you no heed. 
You say: turquoise jelly 
Accipiter says: Turquoise Jelly is a useful ooze congealed from the branch
sap of a water tree. Some shamans value it in rain-making
spells. I myself use it in some recipes for its light,
salty flavour. 
You say: forest 
Accipiter says: Forest? There are many forests, yes. 
You say: forest of types 
Accipiter says: The Forest of Types is an enchanting island to the south,
and a fairly new addition to our realms. Its origins have
a tale about them... 
You say: origins 
Accipiter says: Several centuries past, back when the realms were lush,
untorn by the new beasts called into our lands whilst
their summoners waged a bitter, pointless struggle, our
kind was born. 
Accipiter says: As it was told to our first generation, and as it has been
passed down through our myths and blood, our own war would
be with the man/trees of the north. And yea, for
centuries we did war with the trees, as it continues today
thus. 
Accipiter says: However, once a young hawk named Accipiter came of age, he
decided that blood need not be spilt any longer, that our
claws need not sunder bark, nor our beaks pierce the dry
flesh of wood any more. 
Accipiter says: This young hawk was the first to voice such a thought, and
he was received thus with indifference at first. However,
he soon gained renown for his scholarship, and attained
high rank among his kind despite his radical anti-war
beliefs. 
Accipiter says: And one day, this enterprising hawk embarked upon a
certain project...he flew to an island south of Wayhaven;
a desolate though fertile isle, and spent the greater part
of the next forty years planting a magical forest ripe
with all species of trees. 
Accipiter says: When my creation was complete, I offered it to the
man/trees as a gesture of peace, as a message that at
least one man/bird remains averse to the violence of years
past. 
Accipiter says: And yea, once our Power gained word of my offering, I
found myself here, on the cold ground, remanded to a fate
of flightless impotency. A bittersweet tale, yea. 
gotoboats,charter forest of types,all west,search
You say: hello 
Cocodryllus says: Truly I am in no mood for pedestrian chat, adventurer. 
Begone, yea? 
You say: mood 
Cocodryllus growls: If ye know not why, ye must be daft! 
You say: moon tree 
Cocodryllus's right eye flashes.
Cocodryllus says: It be the Moon Tree ye seek? True, ye be close, as it
lie just beyond this creek. But to visit our fair
Mother, I'm afraid, is quite out of the question. You
see, since with only one eye I cannot tell friend from
foe, alas you may not pass. 
You say: eye 
Cocodryllus growls: My eye was snatched by the wicked serpent, Anguis.
You say: serpent 
Cocodryllus says: Ah, we have a long history of enmity, he and I. He is
but a wee snake, ye see...but he caught me unawares last
night, and plucked my eye from my brainpan. 
Cocodryllus says: He slithered off before I could lay chase. He is
probably back in his rocky refuge by now. 
Cocodryllus says: I wonder how he even made it to this isle. Perhaps he
stowed away in some adventurer's boat. 
You say: refuge 
Cocodryllus snarls: The piteous beast finds home in brief rock
settlements, and prefers unbearably hot, dry
conditions. Indeed, he is not a native of this
island. 
You say: island 
Cocodryllus says: This be the Forest of Types, adventurer.
You say: turquoise jelly 
Cocodryllus drones: I have heard of people extracting that from the water
tree. I pay little attention to such activities,
however. 
You say: water tree 
Cocodryllus says: Ye'll have to find it for yerself. The Forest of Types
be not that big. 
Desert of Wayhaven
A settlement of rocks.
Anguis.
You say: hello 
Anguis says: Bah *hisss* why darest thou intrude? 
The snake's tongue flicks the air. 
You say: accipiter 
Anguis says: *hiss* Bah, he is but a foolish old wren! 
You say: cocodryllus 
Anguis says: And what of this loathsome lizard, adventurer? 
You say: eye 
Anguis says: Indeed, I snared the croc's eye for a snack, I did! And I'll
never give it back, even if you tried squeezing it out of me.
Brash adventurer, leave me be! 
squeeze anguis
You lunge forward with great tenacity, and grasp Anguis about his
neck and midriff!
You throttle the poor snake, as he hisses and squeals
like a wounded child!
You give one last squeeze, and at last, the choking serpent 
coughs up his bounty, a giant eyeball!
Eye of Cocodryllus.
Anguis.
get eye
eye: Taken.
You toss the snake down to the ground.
Anguis screeches and disappears through a tiny hole in the dirt.

give eye to cocodryllus
Cocodryllus takes the eye with his scaley hamfist...
Cocodryllus says: Well I'll be! You've gone and rescued my sight from the
withered serpent himself! Praise be to you, fine,
worthy adventurer... 
Cocodryllus pops his eye back into place...
Cocodryllus says: E'en before I cast my truest gaze upon thee, by thy acts
alone I know thy character to be true indeed. This I
need not sight to see. You are welcome here. 
sw
You watch in awe as the barricade of crocodiles slowly,
almost grudgingly disperses, allowing you to trudge across the
shallow creek to the island beyond.
Isle of the Moon Tree (ne)
Moon Tree.
The white tree looms overhead, glorious and majestic. 
The Moon Tree sways imperceptibly in the gentle winds.
You say: branch
The tree graciously lets a branch fall to the ground.
Water Tree.
You say: branch
The tree graciously lets a branch fall to the ground.
exa branch
This branch is made of an aqua-blue wood which is infused with a
surprising volume of water. A branch of this type is not practical
for any purpose, but it is certainly attractive, and could quite
possibly be treasured by some avid collectors. If you wish to sell
it, then you'll have to be careful it doesn't break though.
It looks light.
break branch
You snap the watery branch with ease! Predicatably, a lot
of fluid pours from the break. After the water has drained
away, an odd, turquoise jelly oozes out.
get all
Turquoise Jelly: Ok.
exa branch
This broken branch is made of an aqua-blue wood. It seems to be quite
moist, but most of the internal water has drained away.
It looks light.
give branch to accipiter
Accipiter says: Aha, yes! This is what I was looking for. And did you
not have luck finding the Turquoise Jelly? 
give jelly to accipiter
Accipiter says: Wonderful, wonderful, now I have both the branch and the
turquoise jelly, this is all I need to complete my
anticipated broth, now let's...err, um...oh, bother! I've
just realized that I have another small problem to solve
before I can finish cooking my broth...are you willing,
yet again, to aid me? 
You say: yes 
Accipiter says: The special stoking I use for my kettle can only be
extinguished with orange sand, and I've run through my
supply already it seems! Would you be so frightfully
helpful as to fetch me some? 
Accipiter says: I'm sure you've come across some in your recent travels...
when you return I will finish my broth and you and I,
friend, we will sip our soup and speak of grander things,
eh? 
You say: orange sand 
Accipiter says: For that, I'd look somewhere sandy. I'm sure you'll have
come across some in your travels. 
Desert of Wayhaven
A settlement of rocks.
Anguis's Lair 
get orange sand
You scrape some of the golden orange sand into a clump and
take it with you.
give sand to accipiter
Ok.
Accipiter says: Ahh, yes, it was kind of you to aid me yet again. I feel
that I have taken advantage of your generosity... 
Accipiter says: Well, I'll be...you've managed to help me yet again, young
explorer! Now, I can get to cooking up this soup for us,
and helping you find out more about our Powers. *Squawk*
say, would you help out an old bird and scratch my neck? I
think I have a moisture rash but I can't seem to reach
that part of my neck...I would consider it a warm favor...
scratch neck
You lean over and gently scratch the bird on its neck...
Accipiter says: Well, I must say, you have been too kind to this aging
featherbag. I'm almost embarrassed! 
Accipiter says: Well, nevertheless leave me be, for now at least. I will
cook the broth presently, but as it is a sacred family
recipe, I am somewhat picky and finicky about folks
watching as I prepare it. 
Accipiter says: Simply come back a short while later, and mention the
broth, and I'll let you know how things are brewing! But
mind your patience -- disturb me thrice before the broth
is ready, and I'll serve none at all! Now be off, kind
Pinnacle breed! 
You feel a sudden dizziness and your surroundings change!
You say: broth 
Accipiter says: Ahh, criminy, you startled me, foolhardy adventurer! I'm
not done with the broth yet, check back a little bit
later. Mind your patience! 
You feel a sudden dizziness and your surroundings change!
You say: broth 
Accipiter gives you a wry look.
Accipiter speaks sternly: Yes, the broth is ready, Tchazzar. But it is
only you who shall partake. 
Accipiter hands you a short white staff.
Accipiter says: This is the broth I have prepared, though as you can see,
it is no broth. Rather, it is a powerful artifact which
will grant you audience with our Power. 
Accipiter says: You have proven your worth to me through your unwavering
willingness to help me with my troubles. You have proven
your patience by leaving me be as long as I so desired. 
And you have made an old bird very happy, as I had long
since resolved that no such benevolent soul existed in the
realms in these, these dark days when guilds send their
members out on crass missions of slaughter... 
Accipiter says: The Odyssey of the Powers is a tale of a nature, seemingly
nonsensical to most mortals. It is impossible to
understand for those not directly involved. But I leave
it to the discretion of our Power to grant you the
knowledge you seek. Take and use the artifact -- it will
warm to your soul before long, and take you to our Power. 
Thus is my task completed. I have nothing left to tell
you. The rest is up to you, Tchazzar! 'Ere this be the
last time we meet, farewell, farewell proud Tchazzar, I
hope you learn much that is hidden. 
You feel a sudden dizziness and your surroundings change!
exa staff
A branch of wood as white as purest ivory, this short staff is decorated and
inscribed with designs formed by orange sand and turquoise jelly. The origin
of these strange and serpentine images is truly not of the present realm. It
appears to be more an object of divinity, than a weapon for combat.
This weapon is in excellent condition.
exa designs
The images on the staff appear to be totally disordered at first. As
you gaze closer, you begin to see patterns emerge from the chaos. 
Suddenly, as if your mind and eyes are focusing in unison for the first
time, the majesty of the overall design becomes clear. You are
awestricken by the power bound up in this staff and fear what might
happen if the pattern was traced and the power unleashed. 
trace pattern
As you trace the pattern on the staff, bright sparks of
white light dance around in your wake. Surges of energy
course through your body; almost more than you can bear!
You almost give up in agony, when suddenly, you finish.
The staff is definitely warmer, but there doesn't seem to
have been any apocalyptic, or even interesting, results.
You look around, half in disappointment, half in anticipation.
The quarterstaff warms to your grasp.
The quarterstaff warms to your grasp.
The staff abruptly turns cold!
The hoary, freezing sensation becomes almost unbearable --
it feels more blistering than the breath of a red dragon,
yet you are unable to loosen your grip!
The artifact suddenly bursts into flame, an icy white 
conflagration which envelops your hand, and soon your
entire arm!
The silver blaze consumes your shoulder, your torso...unable
even to think, you watch with awe and dread as your entire body
is soon indistinguishable from the flame itself!
A deafening clap of energy resounds forth from within your body!
Another burst of searing sound, as though a barrier were
being razed! 
Three more blasts of deafening proportions, in quick succession!
You can see nothing around you except a light beyond that of the sun!
...then, silence...the deepest depths of silence, a state
beyond peace...
...at the center of your vision, barely outlined by a soft aura of
white light, you see a shape...you cannot discern whether the
image exists in space before you, or in your very mind...
As you gaze at the figure, you find yourself thinking the 
following words:
'I must move to the center of my world...'
'...once there, I must look up, towards the sky...'
'...at that time, I will begin to understand.'
The image fades, and as the light surrounding it dies down,
you sense that the moment has ended...
The artifact, once burned into your hand, has disappeared.
Sight returns to your eyes, darkness becomes light again.
COT
look up
You turn your gaze skyward, and fix your eyes upon the world above...
...the multicolored sky appears as it always does, but gradually...
...shapes in the sky begin to become apparent to you...the pompous
clouds gently round their edges and project sinews of mist in the
vague suggestion of...faces!
...and these faces, these half-realities that seem to exist partly
in your very mind, begin to assume the countenances of men...
...shifting your gaze about, you notice that the entire sky, the
limitless expanse a horizon around, is alive with these faces,
expressions of the very essence of peace...
...a slim, blue face floats in front of a wide, indigo face, both
smiling upon you as though you were an honored visitor to their
reality......seemingly swimming in the molasses of the infinite space, these 
benevolent profiles collectively close their eyes towards you,
and you feel a slight shiver budding from inside your heart...
...you glance down in a momentary response towards the subtle
pain in your chest -- it is both a pain of envy and of bliss...
...as you quickly raise your eyes back up to the skies, still
cowering slightly over your heart, you see that the faces have
gone, slipped back into the hilts and scabbards of the clouds 
and constellations...
...you are left with the vague knowledge that there exists a
dimension of life far above this one, where thoughts pass as
though silent lightning through the clouds, and where a bliss
may be found amongst the brash spirits of the wind and rain.


40. ( Complete ) [* 25*] Attrition! Not solved this reboot.
Newbieland... In the north east.
Go west southwest till you get to a hut. Knock door. Talk to the little
old lady. Leave hut, go all north search bushes, squeeze between gap, kill
bear, search log, get bucket, go find some flowes, pick flowers, go find cow
feed flowers to cow, milk cow, bring milk to old lady, give milk to lady,
move mat, down, get rope, get bag, get chiped cup, or chip from cup something
go out to well, attach rope to axle, attach rope
to bucket, crank crank, remove rope from bucket, get bucket, remove rope from
axle, get rope, go back to woman, give woman bucket, say key, get key, go find
hill, search bushes, exa door, unlock door, search hole, attach rope to hook.
enter hole, find 3 switches and put stuff on them till they click,one is in 
guard room, one is west of the door that won't open under desk, and last one 
is in shaman statue the weasle, kill shaman, climb statue, enter cave, put 3
items in the hole or till it clicks, leave cave, climb on nose,climb down,if
you jump make sure your not carrying much or you die, get vile, fill vial with
liquid from statue,go south and southwest to dead end, search water, get dung
now find queen and her guards, kill guards, kill queen, 
enter, and attack king, search toilet,exa paper, go back to old woman, say dig,
give paper to woman, she gives a scroll back, find items on scroll, put vial,
broken cup, and dung in bag and give bag to woman, she makes a new vial, go north
where you saw the bear, and find deers, kill deer, climb tree, get acorn, acorn
will fall in bushes, get a stick, and search bushes with stick, get acorn(seed).
go back to where you found dung, and plant seed, or plant acorn, pour out vial,
and run out of caves fast or you die, tree will pop out of cave and send king 
high in the air, he comes down and will fight you, old woman is a witch that
will heal you if you get to her, the king shoves you around, if you leave area,
our die have to wait till reboot, kill king... you win.

42. ( Not Done ) [ 25 ] Dragon Shell Not solved this reboot.
43. ( Not Done ) [ 25 ] Haunted Manor Not solved this reboot.
Fantasy,Wforest,e,s,s,w,w,follow path,near end, search windows, open shudder
break window, climb through window,
44. ( Not Done ) [ 25 ] Heart of the Cosmos Not solved this reboot.
45. ( Complete ) [* 25*] Katin Not solved this reboot.
Go to George Weathermay in ravenlot, say journal, he gives you one, open journal
a key falls out, get key, go to katin area, east forest portal, 2n, 3e, n,walk
around,search tree in every room, secret exit, find woman, kill her.

46. ( Complete ) [* 25*] Larissa's Thingy Not solved this reboot.
get mail from box,north,pick lock, kill cat burglar, get crowbar
pry open crate - get dynamite,ring bell, search laundry, search socks
search jeans - get quarter,search cabinet till you get wire coil
climb stairs, exa keyhole, get key,open door,clean fixture,
search drawer – get screwdriver,open right door,down,remove screws
remove grate,get object - silver key,jump trampoline,unlock chest
open chest,peruse books - Book of Thiny Making,step on staircase
open left door, search shelf, search boxes, get key, out,south
give letter to Larissa, say combination, Larissa gives combo, 2 north,
unlock backdoor, enter combo, open backdoor,climb tree, 
insert quarter in slot, get apple,down, put dynamite in hole, 
light dynamite, door,(if you are in the room when the dynamite blows up you die)
search cabinet – get glue,2 south, west, open door, enter closet, 
search box, search papers - get scroll

TO MAKE A THINGY: Coil of Wire
Wood from Oak Tree
Golden object – Blue Egg
Glue to bind thingy
Read scroll
Give thingy to Larissa


47. ( Complete ) [ 25 ] Nuke Not solved this reboot.
Science/enter/u/4n/d/9n/8e/se and you'll be near an oasis. 
Enter the oasis where you can and search sludge,Kill the sludge
search sludge,exa film,search film,d,push enter,enter,go all east
then one south, kill bandits,kill solder, exa desk,exa papers,
peruse papers, 
It should tell you where the test site is. 
(this changes ALL the time. Make sure you're looking for the right one.)
then go south and kill the soldier there. 
Go to the doors in the eastern hallway and enter the middle one. 
Take the soldier hostage and he'll tell you where he hid the keycard.
Wass spills his guts and tells you he hid the
keycard at the test site in the tent.
He also tells you that the code for the launch is "10.22.74". 
Find the secret door leading south in the main hall
(should be before all the marked doors and is listed in the long room description). 
Search on the staircase for another key and unlock the next door. 
In the next hallway there's a door leading north. That's the computer room. 
Go to the test site that you read about when you peruse papers,look for se exit
and search around for the passkey, enter tent, search blankets
When you get it go back to the computer room. 
Look at the wall and the plug, then plug the computer in. 
Insert passkey and then type the code. 



48. ( Complete ) [ 25 ] Spire Not solved this reboot.

gotofantasy,wayhaven-wforest,e,s,s,say hello,(keyword spoils) get cube

gotofantasy,wayhaven-ice,6s,5w,exa shadow, enter spire

stairs, touch wall, get bark, exa engraving

up until s, sw (keep trying) exa blood, trace {symbol from engraving}

Back to core, up until e, e, say hi, say dying, say death, search sap,
get page(note?), read page
Back to core, down until door, punch door, say daughters, say name.
Back to core, leave spire, go .2s3wswsw4sws6ws5w say grus, say war,
say invasion, say spoils (you get a cube)
Back to spire (.2n9en2en2e6n4e), up until west, w, exa contraption,
exa bronze pipe, put cube in opening, wait, {get plant from skeleton}
Back to core, down until e, e, pick plant, say michael
Back to core, down until door, give plant to michael, give plant to michael
Back to core, all up, volunteer, exa {symbol from engraving}, bow
49. ( Complete ) [* 25*] Whodunit Not solved this reboot.
Chaos,3e,5s,out2,walk around, when you see someone kill them, search stuff,
search waterfountain, drain fountain, get coin, find front door, search mat,
get key, unlock door, kill everyone except body and butler, search room, 
4 rooms have secret exits, a weapon is on the stairs when you go down in,
one of them, that is the weapon, give weapon, dime and clothing item of 
person to body, he will tell you what one is wrong and drop it and try again.




50. ( Complete ) [ 27 ] Silver/Blue Not solved this reboot.
Silver/Blue: Chaos/enter/n/climb tower/board balloon. 
First, map the entire area and find the players: 
Silver, Blue, Gold, Bronze, Grey, Rose, Green, Black
It's not that big, and there are no hidden entrances/exits. 
Bring some healy stuffs, fighing is harder than it says.
'If your good.
First go to Silver, n/9w from the 
balloon docks. Ask him about all the players, especially Green, say help. 
Find Green, he wanders around, but usually around the balloon docks. 
Ask him about all the players and the paragons. 
He'll ask you to get him a Peace Feather before he'll help you more 
(also ask about armour, nothing to do with the quest, but nice). 
Go kill a peace and give Green the feather. He'll tell you to 
ask the paragons about Blue. Wander around saying hi to every 
Paragon you see. Eventually one will tell you what it saw and 
give you Hope. Give Hope to Silver and ask him about all the 
players again. Go talk to Gold (3e, 3s from silver), say help, 
he'll tell you to go see Bronze (from Gold: 4e, 9n, ne, climb, all up).
Wait at the top for Bronze to show up (will take a minute or 2). 
Say help. Bronze will ask you to go kill Grey (From Bronze, all 
down, sw, 6s, 3e, n, enter, all d. Kill Grey and head back to Bronze.
He'll take you on a flight to see Blue and give you proof. 
Return to Silver and give him proof. Talk to him and agree to help 
him kill black. Go 19e, 3s, kill guard, se, kill guard, sw, kill 
guard, enter, kill Black (let silver tank). 
(Paragon, Peace, Radiance, Timorous, Swoop, Snare, Shadow, Hostile, 
Impediment, Dismal, Gloom, Glimmer)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the peace feather. (Peace)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the impediment branch. (Impediment)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the radiance horn. (Radiance)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the hostile pelt. (Hostile)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the snare mud. (Snare)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the shadow material. (Shadow)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the paragon feather. (Paragon)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the swoop eye. (Swoop)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the timorous tail. (Timorous)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the glimmer globe. (Glimmer)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the dismal soul. (Dismal)

If your evil!!
Find Black,
Mournful (n)
Dark Black.
You say: hello 
Black tells you: An intruder into Mournful, how strange. Welcome to the
castle of darkness, stranger. 
You say: silver 
Black tells you: Silver! That disgusting shining light, I would kill him
if the prying eyes of the sky didn't always warn him of my
coming! 
You say: blue 
Black tells you: Blue? I know not of her. Or he. Whoever it is. 
You say: green 
Black tells you: Hunter Green? He matters not. 
You say: bronze 
Black tells you: A puny dragon who bathes in the light. He is of no
consequence. 
You say: grey 
Black tells you: Grey? I know him not. 
You say: gold 
Black tells you: I don't know who you are talking about. 
You say: silver 
Black tells you: Silver! That disgusting shining light, I would kill him
if the prying eyes of the sky didn't always warn him of my
coming! 
You say: help 
Black tells you: You would help? Then I will use you. That blasted
Silver drives back the Shadow. I would kill him, but the sky
eyes warn him whenever I get near. Perhaps that strange Lady
Rose knows something. 
You say: rose 
Black tells you: She's a strange one, but she might be of help. They say
she sees things, that which isn't there. Perhaps she would know
something about the sky eyes. 
You say: sky eyes 
Black tells you: They see, the sky eyes, when I need to go unseen. Kill
them all, and sightless will the light be. 

Lady Rose.
You say: help 
Rose tells you: I could help you now. But I won't. I'm all out of
radiance powder, bring me some, and I'll give you some advice. 
say silver,say help,he says talk to rose,goto rose,say help,she will
help if you give her radiance powder, kill radiance,get horn,get impediment branch,
crush horn,
give powder to rose
Ok.
Rose tells you: Impressive, you actually came through. So, a promise is
a promise. 
Rose tells you: Sky eyes, wasn't it? Round here, they're more often
called Swoops. But folk are strange with names, especially dark
folk. That should help. 
Tchazzar dealt the killing blow to Swoop.
A defiant last screech rattles the clouds, Swoop crashes into the ground.
You feel less eyes upon you, but still they are there.
You feel stronger as you siphon some energy from your home plane.
'sightless
You say: sightless 
> Black tells you: They see, the sky eyes, when I need to go unseen. Kill
Tchazzar dealt the killing blow to Swoop.
A defiant last screech rattles the clouds, Swoop crashes into the ground.
As you strike down Swoop, you feel the lifting of a veil. The eyes
of the sky are no more, and Sightless is yours.

exa sightless
The skies are Sightless, their flying, ever-watchful eyes banished to
the plane of death. Black will find this information most heartening.
> You feel stronger as you siphon some energy from your home plane.
give sightless to black
Ok.
Black tells you: Excellent, they see no more! 
Black rushes out the door.
From outside, Black shouts: Argh! Gettoff!
Black stumbles back in.
Black tells you: It's no good, all the light is against me. It is beyond
even you to provide me passage, surely. It would take a true
beast of the shadow. 
You say: beast 
> Black tells you: Grey! He may be able to help! He is strong and true to
the shadow. Go to him. Ask him for help. 

Grey.
You say: black 
> Grey hisses at you: He followsss the ssssame path asss we do. 
'help
You say: help 
> Grey hisses at you: Sssslay the ssshining bronze! He sssavagesss the
dark, wounding the shadow. Kill him, and I ssshall help you. 
Tchazzar dealt the killing blow to Bronze.
Great wings folding in defeat, Bronze collapses across the stone nest,
chest heaving. The moonlight seems to dim as the glimmer of wisdom in his
eyes dies out, the lord of the sky is dead.

Bronze crumbles to the ground, destroyed by your assault.
> 'help
You say: help 
> Grey hisses at you: Sssso. It isss done. I ssshall help you thisss
once, in return. 
Grey slithers upwards, leaving Forlorn.
Grey returns.
Grey hisses at you: I have cleared passssage into Majesssty.
Grey hisses at you: Black will want to ussse it. Now go.
give passage to black
Black tells you: You are a dark miracle. I just need your help in
finishing off Silver, and the shadows will reign supreme. 
Silver screeches in agony and falls to the ground, dead.
Tchazzar dealt the killing blow to Silver.
As Silver falls to yours and Black's blows, the shadows seem to draw
inwards, creeping under the door, in the window, down the chimney. The
dark embraces the lifeless body of Silver, tarnishing the last of his
light, and drawing him into shadow.

Outside, the light screams in utter finality, defeated by the cloying
shadow at last. The sound of a thousand lives extinguished, screaming in
agony as they are swept into the dark fills the air, and then is carried
away by the raucous jubilation of the creatures of the night.

Black tells you: At last, we triumph. Thanks to you, Tchazzar,
without your help that damned Silver might have beaten us. As a
sign of appreciation, I will open the Signal for you, though beware
what lies through it. Farewell now, I must return to Mournful.
Black leaves.




51. ( Not Done ) [ 27 ] Van Richten Not solved this reboot.


52. ( Complete ) [* 30*] Atlantis Not solved this reboot.
Chaos: 3w,s,dive bucket????
'Kill what's there (you have to kill something before you can go s) 2) Type 
'take a bracelet' 3) Go 2 or 3n, (the room with 'pool' as an exit) and kill 
what's there, then type 'pool'. 4) Keep going down - you'll come to a 
whirlpool, then keep going down from there to until you come to 
something... (entrance to atlantis or something like that)... go north as 
far as you can go - enter the airlock. 5) type 'breath'... then wait, 
you'll be in the city of Atlantis. 6) Go north -- a guard will be guarding 
the palace. Say 'monster' and he'll open the gate. Type 'palace' (or 
perhaps 'gate' - whatever the exit is) 7) When in palace go north until you 
come to a place where you can go up. (I'll call this ROOM A for 
clarification) 8) From Room A, Go u,n,'search dresser','take 
key',s,e,'unlock door',e,u, and kill Diodorus and take the book. 9) Go back 
to Room A, go w,n and kill the cook. Take the jar. From Room A go u,s. 
10) In princess's room now... type 'get sea monkey' or 'get monkey from 
tank' or 'put monkey in jar' or something like that. 11) From Room A go 
s,e,d,'give book to guard',cell, then search around for Medusa.... when you 
find her kill her and take her head. 12) Go back to entrance to atlantis. 
(1s of guard). Go to the west. Search around -- there's a house where you 
can 'search' then go 's'. The mayor will be there. Kill the mayor, 
search, take the key, then go north a few times and then w. Unlock
the gate with they key, go w, and keep walking until you come to a room 
with the exit 'pool'. 13) pool, follow path... kill whatever is at the 
place where it says 'you can't go that way' or whatever... get the horn... 
go back to entrance to pool. 14) search,climb stalagmite (or whatever)..., 
follow until you come toanother entrance to the pool. 15) 'blow horn', 
Kraken will show up... go west then east again, and type 'hold head'. 
Kraken should turn to stone. go into pool - type 'give jar to princess' 
and then 'free princess' (or perhaps 'unlock chains').


54. ( Not Done ) [ 30 ] Dragon Egg Not solved this reboot.
55. ( Complete ) [ 30 ] Hide and Seek Not solved this reboot.
from the start of chaos:

1. 3e, 2s, 2e, n, 3e, n, 2w, 4n, enter

2. 2e, 2n, e, open refrigerator, you will get some bread

3. w, n, e, kill all the brooms

4. search wall, move panel, bow down in worship, kill commander, you 

will get some peanut butter

5. out, w, n, u, 2e, d, kill oj, search home plate, you will get a 

knife

6. go w and you will be back outside the house (going w hurts you for 

about 20hp, no big deal)

7. enter, nw, 2w, s, open dresser, you will get a ring, wear it

8. gaze into mirror, s, w, open refrigerator, you will get some jelly

9. 2e, slide on slide, n, knock door, kill vinnie, search bed, d, d, s

10. kill tun-gai, e, kill steve, search devices, you will get a 

toaster

11. w, n, u, u, s, 2e, se, 2e, 4n, u, nw, you will be at joe

12. make sandwich, and you will be in a truck. If you see a Burger, 

type tag matt.

56. ( Complete ) [ 30 ] Shadowrun Not solved this reboot.
Shadowrun: First: map Atlanta (in science) otherwise you'll get lost.
Find Mr Johnson in Atlanta. He is located 2w, 2n, 2w from the subway 
entrance.

Speak to him about the quest, then follow these steps:


1. First, get the door remover in the gunshop on the south end of 
Avery Street by killing the guy in the 2nd room. (subway, 1w, 9s, 2w).


2. Activate the remover in the activator 5n and 4e, d from the subway 
entrance.

3. Go to the green lightning gang hideout (1w, 7s, 3e, s) 
and remove the door that is 2 south and up from the entrance. Kill 
the leader for the passcard. He is 47k, but only has one attack.

4. 
Activate the passcard in the activator in the north east corner of town.
From the subway, 4n, 6e, 2n, e, s.

5. The go down to the parking garage
(2e, n from subway) and go down to the 5th sublevel. In the northwest 
corner of the 5th level insert passcard.

6. Enter and kill the drone.
It will die easily. Go past it and get the datachip. Then get out 
of the garage. 

7. Go and activate the datachip in the 3rd activator, 
which you have not used yet. It is located 7e from the subway. 
Then go and give the activated datachip to Mr. Johnson in the bar 
in the northwest part of town.
He will give you 10k coins and the qps.. (30)

58. ( Not Done ) [ 35 ] Pub Crawl Not solved this reboot.
59. ( Not Done ) [ 35 ] Scavenger Hunt Not solved this reboot.

63. ( Complete ) [ 40 ] Hidden Treasure Not solved this reboot.
Far off to the southwest you can see land.


1 - Captain's Bed - all aft, starboard door.

2 - Break Table - all aft, 1 fore, starboard door.

3 - Officer's Quarters - Armoire Downstairs

4 - Books in Library

5 - Loot Body of woman - all aft, port door.

6 -



glasses - search chest in guest quarters

Chest with latch = keys



Hidden Treasure: Fantasy/city portal/12n/exit/7n/8east/shore/n/2ne/swim vessel.
You need 6 pieces of parchment, glasses, and to climb the mast and scan horizon
to see where to sail. 
Mobs are around 20-30k. The glasses: (from entry point) 5 aft/enter starboard 
door/pry panel (several times). 
The parchment pieces: (from entry point and then in order from each previous piece)
: 4 aft/enter port door/search chest (several times)/search false bottom/out/enter 
starboard door/search cabinet/out/all the way fore/search figurehead/kill mermaid
/get all. 
Now go to the lower deck (3 aft and down). Go 2 fore/enter port door
/kill wraith/search basket/out/2 aft/kill shadow/get all/aft/enter starboard door
/search beds. Arrange the pieces, wear the glasses, go all the way to the top 
and kill the captain, steer the ship till you hit land and then look at the map 
to find out where to go to dig. (40)



65. ( Not Done ) [ 40 ] Kimlark Not solved this reboot.
66. ( Not Done ) [ 40 ] Miyu Not solved this reboot.
67. ( Not Done ) [ 40 ] Ravenloft II Not solved this reboot.
68. ( Complete ) [ 45 ] Covenant Not solved this reboot.
Vortex,4w,e,s,w,s,read book,3e,3n,w,search ichor,should get splints,
up,4n,kill sheriff,4n,4e,s,kill whoever,push crack,kill whoever,search pentagram
should get string,back to entrance w,exa doorknob,turn door knob, search chest,
should get a Penknife,5e,3n,e,ne,3e,n,kill guard,enter rv,search bar,get rubbing
alcohol,all south, all east,search thickets,follow secret exit to girl,
l at girl,immobilize the leg,stop circulation,sterilize (the) penknife,
cut swelling,suck poison,You pass out, awake and got 'Token of Heroism
With it go (from read book): n,w,n,d,all e,enter pipe,e,e,d,enter hole
Its a bit confuse now, search grooves each room and enter crack for each
successful search. Go further, kill King snake (chicken) and get key 
From Start: w, search desk, search compartment, unlock compartment wear ring


69. ( Complete ) [* 45*] Mortal Kombat Not solved this reboot.
Chaos/2w/4n/gate/go 3 west into tea shop. Say "paper" and the Ancient
gives you a slip of paper that lets you into the samurai lair./
Go: 3e, 3n, 2a, s, alley, d, gate, and follow your way through the passageways... 
till you meet the head samurai guy/code words... say "white lotus", 
and he'll give you a ring. Wear the ring./Leave the samurai place/
go out of the alley, n, 2w, 3s, 2w, n, alley, 
kill yakuza, d, follow the passageways... sometimes you have to kill yakuza to get east.
When you see the head yakuza guy, kill him, get the kombat key.
Leave the yakuza place.. leave the alley, s, 2e, 3n, 2e, all the way south,
west, alley, kill ninjas, d, follow the passageways, kill the head ninja guy 
and you'll free Bruce Lee. Bruce will give you the karat medallion,
which allows you to get past the oriental dragon.
Leave the ninja place, leave the alley, go east, all the way north
2w, all the way south, 2w, all the way north, e, alley
go down, kill kano,cant cross pit yet... go back out.
you know where the record store is?....(4w/e/s/w/s/all east/enter)
from axl, go nw, there's a MK CD in the player
press play/n/2w/north until you can go west
free ninja(it's sub-zero), he'll give you a shard of ice
go back to the pit, and now you can cross it(just go north to cross it)
in the next room(the room is called "the pit"), you have to go into the
pit i can't remember the syntax, something like , , down>, something like that...
(don't worry bout killing garo, you can go around him)
(the portal takes you to the same place that the cd does)
go back to sub-zero, go east 4 or 5 times, until you can go north a
bunch, go into the tower, and make your way all the way up
free kung lao, and watch the fireworks...
you don't even have to attack shang tsung, kung lao does the work for you

70. ( Not Done ) [ 45 ] The Secret of Nimh Not solved this reboot.
72. ( Not Done ) [ 50 ] Boomer Crisis Not solved this reboot.
73. ( Not Done ) [ 50 ] Cernunnos Not solved this reboot.
74. ( Not Done ) [ 55 ] Ring of Power Not solved this reboot.
75. ( Not Done ) [ 55 ] The Project Not solved this reboot.
76. ( Not Done ) [ 60 ] Rutha-Al Not solved this reboot.
77. ( Not Done ) [ 65 ] Megatech Not solved this reboot.
79. ( Not Done ) [ 70 ] Prismatic Jewel Not solved this reboot.
80. ( Not Done ) [ 70 ] Seahaven Not solved this reboot.
81. ( Not Done ) [ 73 ] Kill Bahamut Not solved this reboot.
82. ( Complete ) [ 75 ] Mira Not solved this reboot.
Fantasy/EforestPortal/5W/enter/e/talk to nyette/get flower name/w/garden
shed/kill gardener/get rope/get shovel/leave cottage/5e/portal/portal/7w
3s/2e/2s/lookup flower name/lookup tapan/lookup natives of tapan/note the
native names of each of the animals/2n/2w/5s/e/charter tapan/3w/sw/s/
climb cliff/search nest/get chain for necklace/
tooth to make a necklace. there are 3 places to get the tooth.
1) on the beach, search sand in all rooms on the beach. 
2) search the skeleton that is 2e,2s from ferryman on tapan. 
3) on the east side of tapan there are cliffs, one of them lets you 
climb down and go into a cave. search the remains but don't touch the gems 
or gold or you'll get toasty fried. 6) depending on which tooth you got, 
the password for the temple guard will change, ie if you got the tooth from 
the beach, it will be the water password, lion tooth = rao, dragon's cave = 
zeilik or something. 7) go in and talk to the natiev leader she'll tell ya 
some stuff. go east of her and get the tea leaves and only the tea leaves. 
9) goto the witch doctor, from the temple guard 
he is e,3s, west for the swamp and he is on the western most part of the 
swamp. give the tea leaves to him and he'll tell you to get a certain 
colored snake to bite you. 
8) goto the west side of tapan, search the western most part and 
you'll find a secret exit northwest. once you go nw, after that first nw, 
go nw,sw,sw,sw,sw,nw,w and you'll be at the snake demon. kill the demon if 
you go west again you'll be ni a roo m with 6 colored tapan snakes...
get that snake 
to bite you by "kill tapan snake"

10) now you get to make the tapan 
potion. blood is from the witch doctor, e,n,ne, kill mosquitos tail is from 
iguana you can find that fangs are from spider....also cake like forked 
tongue is from anaconda or boa...easy water comes in the cauldron al ready. 
beak is from toucan...shouldn't be too tough. tapan crystal is in 
rastafan's area.its on the first floor of the maze, all east,s,e,n about. 
make the tapan potion and you are practically done. 11) one more ting 
you'll need is the flower pot. from the temple guard it is n,2w, search 
pottery, get pot 12) goto the river on the sw side of the island. go river 
and all the way south to the protector(will have to kill 1 jungle spirit to 
get past) note if you didn't get the proper tapan snake to bite you, you 
are gonna die in the river. 13) sprinkle potion on the protector. 14) 
climb tree 15) drop everything but the rope, the pot, and the shovel. (even 
guild items, no more fighting, but if you carry to much you die) 16) climb 
out to the branch 17) tie the rope to the branch 18) climb down the branch 
19) DIG up the flower, don't pick it 20) climb back up the tree 21) get off 
the branch, (leave the rope, it isn't important anymore) 22) go to mira and 
if ya have the flower in the flower pot, you get the qps ;)




83. ( Not Done ) [ 75 ] Perplexus Not solved this reboot.
84. ( Not Done ) [ 75 ] Pyron Not solved this reboot.
85. ( Not Done ) [ 80 ] Dragon Knight Not solved this reboot.
87. ( Not Done ) [ 90 ] Evil God Not solved this reboot.
89. ( Not Done ) [ 92 ] Balooga Falls Not solved this reboot.
90. ( Not Done ) [ 95 ] Wayhaven Not solved this reboot.
91. ( Not Done ) [ 100 ] Balance Not solved this reboot.
92. ( Not Done ) [ 100 ] Durskaen Not solved this reboot.
93. ( Not Done ) [ 100 ] Epic Not solved this reboot.
94. ( Not Done ) [ 100 ] Keylon Crown Not solved this reboot.
GotoBoats/charter serinth/Ferry to Keyloncia 3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/enter northgate
find queen/talk to her/she will give you seal/
95. ( Not Done ) [ 100 ] Miritar Not solved this reboot.
Wforest,e,s,w,
96. ( Not Done ) [ 100 ] Ravenloft Not solved this reboot.Qinfo (last updated 12/12/98)
The majority of these are written from memory so the exact syntax might not be included. While there are directions for some of the quests, THERE ARE NO MAPS. Those of us who did the quests on our own had to map and explore...SO SHALL YOU. This is good for you because if you go through like a laundry list you WILL get popped for qinfo. Numbers that aren't listed have been removed from the game. Special thanks to all the people who helped by providing information on quests I haven't done. No names (for security reasons), but you know who you are. Whenever possible I've added notes about possible death traps and toughness of mobs. 

1) Marbles: these are found all over the mud. See Marble List. (1qp each)
2) Tree: from cot: s/2e/2s/look at tree. (5)
4) Resource Crisis: newbie land, find the mirror with the oil field in it. Search behind the seat of the truck. In the tool shed, in the office desk and just everywhere. You need a digital multimeter and a pair of wire clippers. Then, after you have those, find the tower you can climb up. There's a device. Test each wire with the multimeter. The one with the charge is the one you need to clip. (5)
5) Newbie Academy: from newbie bin, go s, d, n and enroll in the school. Answer all the questions, they answers are all in help files and room descriptions. Make sure you know the phone number to the White House. If you aren't a newbie, you can still do this quest. In the sewers of Pinnacle look for the newbie mice and you're on your way. (5)
6) Mack: find the duploland mirror in newbie land. Find the bone somewhere in there. You'll have to search around. Give it to the dog, he'll give you a piece of a key. Buy a donut and give it to the duplocop. Go into the jail cell and find the password (C1FB as far as I know). Take it to the bank and ask the teller for the box. In it is the other half of the key. Find the stepladder and go to the house and find the trapdoor leading up. Go up, n, unlock door, open door, w and kill Mack. (5)
7) Free Cho: chaos/enter/4w/e/s/e. you need to activate the machine by pulling levers flipping switches, pushing buttons, etc. Kill all the mobs you see in there. Careful, as this is no wimpy. After you kill all of them, eventually you'll see Dr. Cho. Type 'free Cho' and finish killing the mobs. Then you're done! (5)
8) Codename Kodiak: in newbie land, find the battletech mirror and go in. go nw/nw/e/nw/nw/nw and go into the elevator shaft. Go up and talk to the guy. Then, go back down into the elevator, and then search the boards. Go down and talk to the guy there, he'll give you a helmet. Wear the helmet and go u/se/se/se/w/se/sw/se/sw/and search trees. You'll see a hidden exit ONLY if you wear the helmet. Go kill Kodiak. (5)
9) Chop Tree: you need an axe and some patience for this one. Search all the rooms in each of the mirrors with your trusty axe. You'll find an old oak tree. When you find it, just type 'chop tree' and you're done. (5)
10) Bug: No qinfo for this one. The mosquito flies around pinnacle and everyone is free to attack it. It can take massive amounts of damage, so dedicate some time for this. It will randomly leave to another place in Pinnacle, and might just port you somewhere else randomly. Only problem I can find is getting it after it's gone into the cemetery. (5)
11) Bbn Planet: chaos/2w/lift manhole cover/n/kill tech (5k)/search wall/kill tech (5k)/plug DCR.NET cable into lower server (5)
12) Zetron: Fantasy/city portal. Go 2n/w/enter stall and buy a medium sized ladder. Go 3 or 4 east from that stall and enter the next one and buy incense. Go to the portal and search portal, retrieve seal. Then go 7w/6s/3w/s and find the shrine to Zetron. Burn incense, pray, return seal. (10)
14) Spaceport: chaos/enter/2n/w/u/board shuttle/pull lever like 4 times. Go to the desert and find the fremen. Kill them and get the comb. Comb desert. Go n from there and blow up the death star and kill the emperor. Get his heart. Then find the statue and search the statue. Go inside the little gift shop thing and buy an amulet/medallion. Go back out to the statue and practice on it. Or raise statue. I don't recall, but toy around with it. Then go s to where there's a creature. Kill Vader and get HIS heart. Go back to yoda and give the 2 hearts to yoda. (10)
15) Save Grandma: chaos/all s/ne. You'll be in a forest. Search every room for a red cloak. Wear the cloak and go to the house in the northeast corner. Knock on door. Kill the wolf and open closet. (10)
16) Sarkath Khan: fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/8n/5w/2n/path/enter. Order room/order beer/sit/give beer to zarkoff. Listen to his story, go upstairs, and then sleep in your room. Then look at the map and go to the cave. Inside the cave go n, ne, nw and kill the mobs. Open the coffin once they're dead and 'free Sarkath khan' (10)
17) Rampart: fantasy/city portal/15e/exit/16e/2s/sinkhole. Pray, accept_challenge, the answers are compassion, heart, mind, forgiveness, understanding, love. Go out, and get back to the sinkhole. Give soulgem to figure. (10)
18) NY Mugger: science/enter/u/2e/d/board train. When you get to NY wander around till you find the mugger and kick his fucking ass! (10)
19) Nightmare: chaos/enter/w/7n/w/n/search bed/sleep in bed. Find the classroom (all e/all s). From there you need to get the following: box of chocolates (tray in cafeteria), art (art room), love letter (locker), binaca blast (principal), gift (bully's jacket pocket). Then go all n/e/s to your ideal mate. Give them all to her except the blast. Push button to get a minty breath. Kiss her (10)
20) Lothlarian: This has changed. The only info I have for the new way is this: enter mirror/s/search trees/w/s/w/w/s/s/w kill the three Phoenix Guards then go north. Kill general then search papers several times until is says something about the shrubs being the weak point of the defenses/e/n/search shrubs/n/e/n/e/e/s/s/s/skill ghost and enter fort. n/n/n/d/enter darkness kill arkhan and get standard. nw/u/s/s/out/n/n/n/n/w/w/s/w/s raise standard. This will only work if you're evil. (10)
21) Gameshow: chaos/enter/2e/all n. This one is random, and there are a few gameshows. The ones it can be are price is right, wheel of fortune, and $10,000 pyramid. To get to the pyramid you have to go to family feud, get to the final round, kill Richard Dawson and search wall. Price is right you just go in, kill bob barker, kill contestant, and spin the wheel. Common answer on WoF is 'Cancer the tradesman', though this changes. (10)
22) Djinni: fantasy/city portal/all e/leave/all e/4n/2e/look at water/swim in ocean/ocean/look for the se corner or thereabouts. You'll have to go east about 10 times before it puts you on an island. Search sand until you find a bottle. Open the bottle and you get sucked in, becoming a newbie with NOTHING until you finish it or leave. Find the guard, kill him, get his stuff, and enter the palace. Climb the stairs and find the Djinni. Go back down, north. Kill the guy and get the sword from him. Go back upstairs and give it to the Djinni. (10)
23) Disney: find the mirror that has the small coastal town in it. Go to the west until you can go south. Then go all south and all west until you find Doc at the mine. Say diamond and he'll give you a pickaxe. Swing pickaxe in every room of the mine until you find the diamond, then go back to where you went south. Head all west to the house in the forest and go in. Give the diamond to Snow White and say mirror. She'll give you a mirror, then go out and give the mirror to the old woman. She drops the award, pick it up and go back to the mirror. Head south and check out the first house to the west. Inside is Mickey, give the award to him. (10)
24) Destroy Barney: Chaos/enter/w/all s/all e/n. This has been changed. As soon as I figure it out... (10)
25) Arcanarton: Fantasy/road portal. Go south and all west until you find an exit leading sw. Go sw and you'll be at the tower. Go up the tower to the very top, where you'll find Arcanarton. Careful of the followers. They're about 20k aggro and four in a room can hit you for over 200 points of damage in a single round. Arcanarton is at the top, 30k-35k, non-aggro, non-hunting wimpy safe. Kill him. There is also a marble here (see marble list for details). (10)
26) Perfection: Chaos/enter/4w/e/s/w/s/2e/n. Enter warehouse/tease flower/kill tulip/kill nail/get everything/enter imperfect panel/kiss glass/lick film/ride particles/tease flower/enter imperfect panel/qwerty/lick film/ride particles/tussle flower/kill nail/kill tulip/get nothing/taste experience/conduct experiment/caress tulips/be perfect/do nothing/tease flower/enter perfect panel/up/enter heart/die/return nothing/somewhere/tussle flower/taste experience/climb ladder/return everything. You're on your own to get out. I found that if you reverse some of the above steps you eventually get back out. (12)
28) Hobgoblin: Fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/all n. Take the path and enter the cave. Go all north once inside to the stream. Jump over stream and search the bones. Go back and head west till you can go up. Go up and kill the kid with knife. Get the knife. Go back down twice and head south to find the crazy hobgoblin. Give the knife and the bone to him and he gives you a flute. Go west and find the hobgoblin priest. Play flute and the priest will die. Get the amulet and leave. Go back to the city portal and go 7 west and then south. Search around near the Shrine to Zetron for the Tower of Zalusta. Enter the tower, say Zalusta, go all up, go south and give the amulet to Zalusta. (15)
29) Alphabet: Chaos/enter/2e/d. Kill the letters to spell the word HELICOPTER. You only need one E. Make sure you have one of the items other than a letter from one of the kills. The letter R is in a hidden room. Once you have all this, go back to the H room and 'spell helicopter'. Note that if you leave the area for any reason before you spell helicopter that you have to do it all over again. (15)
30) Waldo: Chaos/enter/4w/2e/w. You should be in Waldo's house. Find the closet and search around. You'll find a hole on the shelf. Type 'in' to go through it. Walk like Waldo. When you see the real Waldo, say waterworld and shake his hand. (20)
31) Frozen Dude: Fantasy/road portal/4e/7n/touch statue. Find the lumberjack and kill him. Grab his axe and wander into the forest there and chop tree. Get the log and enter the cave. Make sure to map it and be in verbose mode. In one of the rooms with the dark hairy beast there's a dude frozen in the crystals if you search. Light log and thaw dude. (20)
32) Free Stag: Go to Medlar (Fantasy/road portal/3e/4n) and find the throne room with the King and his guard. Kill both of them and move stand. Go down and kill the griffin. Get the gem north of the griffin. (All these mobs are about 30k but can hit really hard). From the king, go s/all e/u/w/s/e and kill the lady. Get her gem. Then go s/all w/all d/s/2e/s from the king. Kill the guard and get the key. Go into the cell and kill the thief. You should now have all 3 gems. Go back to the courtyard and look around. Find the gargoyle that says something about stones, and follow the order it lists otherwise you'll be seriously fucked (I mean it). Go through the secret exit and follow the tunnel till you go up. Go up and type 'free stag'. (20)
33) Ebonbane: To enter barovia go from forest portal: s/s/sw/w/nw. Enter mist and wait for nightmare to appear. Kill nightmare/get phylactery/wear phylactery/in. Now you are outside of barovia. If you want back to the portal from here: enter the mist: go e and n (I think). From mist go: n/nw/n/ne/n/nw. You are now at Barovia entrance. From Barovia entrance go: n/ne/n/10w/s/3sw/6w/nw/2w/sw/as far w as you can. You will now stand in a cloak room. Go: n/e/search/get key/w/n/e/u/se/get key. Then back to the cloak room. Then sw/2nw/w/s/get key/n/e/2s/w/s/kill spirit/deal with corpse/get key. Back to cloak room and 2n/w/d/w. Simply arriving in the final room solves the quest. (20)
34) Dragon Egg: go the 1st level of the underdark, on the east side follow the passage south to the vortex that opens to the dragon area. Kill the guardian dragon, then go sw/2w/2n/w/s/w/s/w/n/w/n/w/2n/e/s/2e/n/w/3n/e/n/2e/s/e/n/2e. There you will fight The Guardian of the Future, Tiranor. So named because he protects the dragon egg. You'll have to kill him. He's over 1.5 million (Finger Windward.) Beat him down, somehow. Now go east again, search the nest, get the egg. Run to the rabbit hole where Cae is and give him the egg. (20)
35) Whodunit: Chaos/enter/all e and turn south at Jag's. Find the mist (exit1, exit2) and exit2. Go all s/e to the courtyard, then find the front door. Search mat for the key and let yourself in. Wander around inside and kill each mob in there except the butler and the ghost of Body. Each person will have an item, and search each room until you find a weapon and a room item from each room with a mob in it. There are some outside too (the rock in the courtyard, the dime in the fountain, and Mr. Grey in the Gazebo.) The get all of these items and go to Body. Give him an item from a room, a person, and a weapon. He'll tell you what's wrong. Keep giving him items until you get it right. (25)
36) Spire: no info
37) Nuke: Science/enter/u/4n/d/2n/3e/6n/7e/3n/e/se and you'll be near an oasis. Enter the oasis where you can and search. Kill the sludge. Search again and go down. Go all east once inside and then south. Kill the bandits and the soldier. Search desk. Peruse papers. It should tell you where the test site is. (this changes ALL the time. Make sure you're looking for the right one.) then go south and kill the soldier there. Search his desk and get the key. Find the secret door leading south in the main hall (should be before all the marked doors). Search on the staircase for another key and unlock the next door. In the next hallway there's a door leading north. That's the computer room. Go to the test site that you read about and search around for the passkey. When you get it go back to the computer room. Look at the wall and the plug, then plug the computer in. Insert passkey and then type the code. (I think you need to find the radio officer upstairs and take him!
!
hostage to find the code). (25)
38) Haunted Manor: Fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/8n/w. Follow the path until it ends. Find the window, and open shutter/open window/climb window then go s/e and go upstairs. Go w/n/examine ceiling/pull lever. Go 2s and kill the guy and get dagger. Go south again and smash amulet and kill the guy. He summons imps, so run north and kill them before he summons enough to kill you. (25)
40) Attrition!: (25)
41) Van Richten: In Fantasy go s/sw/w/nw from forest portal and enter mist. kill nightmare, get the phylactery and wear it. Then go northward till you get past the sign and can go west. go west till you find van rich, nod to him and go all w then e/s/4sw/8w/nw/n/3w/sw/2w/2n/steps, unlock door. now you need a match: search jacket in main room, it's on the coat rack, get box of matches, and light match. next you need the keys. To get the first is look at stairs, look at banister, look at ball, move ball. go east arch(maybe west, can't remember). in one of the arches there are like 6 aggro dudes, but you can just stop combat on em, in study look at ashes, or search ashes, its in the fireplace. then go upstairs and then go westroom. look at the drawer and move panel or something, then go door eastroom now you need the fetters. open closet in spare bedroom and search closet, get bear. go back to kitchen where the aggros are/were, go to pantrydoor
look at shelves, search shelves, move panel, reach into hole and you should get an axe. leave immediately or a swarm of rats will attack you. then go to door3. immediately go stairs and unlock chest. You should get the dress, then search pile/get shovel/unlock door/door/smash brick. an aggro 40k priest with 3 attacks comes out. you need to get holy water and rites from him. after he is dead and you get the stuff dig in this room and then room with ghost of a man, you should find a skull, if not you need to go back to the front door and go steps, dig there and the room north, when you find skull, ignore the skull for a bit, go back to child, with bear in hand, burn bear, then go back downstairs past the shadow and burn axe, then go to dining room and burn dress, then go back to skull and sprinkle water then SPEAK, must be speak, say won't work, the magic words are from 'peruse rites'.
42) Shadowrun: First: map Atlanta (in science) otherwise you'll get lost.
43) Katin: First find George Weathermay, but don't attack him. From forest portal, go: 2s, sw, w, nw, enter mist (to enter ravenloft) George Weathermay is in the forest south-west of barovia. So, once you've gone in, go:n,nw,n,ne,n,nw,n,ne,n,10w,s,4sw,6w... George hangs around here, particularly at the goblin camp just to the south. Mention the journal, and he gives it to you. Open it, and a key drops out. Get the key, and read the journal. Go back to forest portal. From forest portal, go: 3e, 5n, ne, search. Follow the northern path to the hidden cemetery. In the northwestern part of the cemetery is a tomb. Enter the tomb, unlock the door. go down to the crypts. In the southern part of the crypts is a wight. kill it and get the key it carries. Go to the northern wall of the crypts, where you'll find a door about 1/2 way along the wall. Unlock the door. Go north and kill the zombie lord. (30)
44) Hide And Seek: *Warning: you must have a 30 str when doing this quest!* Chaos/enter/3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/4n/enter. Go 2e/3n/e and kill the brooms. Search wall/move panel/bow down in worship/kill commander and get the jar. 2w/2n/u/2e/d and kill OJ, search plate, get the knife. E/enter/nw/2w/s and open dresser, wear ring, gaze into mirror/s/w and open refrigerator. Go 2e and slide on slide/n/knock on door/kill vinnie/search bed/2d/s/kill tun-gai/e/kill Steve/search devices and get the toaster. Then go w/n/2u/s/2e/se/2e/2n/e and open the refrigerator (if your strength is lower than 30 you won't be able to open it). Go w/2n/u and search carpet. Go nw, make sandwich, give sandwich to Joe and tag Matt. (30)
45) Atlantis: Fantasy/road portal/16e/3n/3e/enter/d/se/2sw/se/search/n/take bracelet. Then go s/ne/e/n/w and kill the Cyclops. Search bones, get bone and go e/n/w/nw/sw/e/pool/4d/n/portal/breathe/2n/2w/look at the lamppost and the paper, read the notice and go west. Give bone to merdog/search/se/kill mayor/search and get the key. Go nw/5e/s and search tank, get book and go n/2w/2s/e and say quest, say kraken, and say notice. Go palace/n/w/play song/fix key/nw/u/search boxes/get horn. Then go d/se/e/3n/w/search papers/push button/nw/u and search accessories and get the mirror. From here, go d/se/3e/n/u/w/s and fix photograph then go 2d and get jar. Head 2u/n/e/n and get monkey from tank. Head s/d/s/2w/2s/3e and search gear then get the lasso. Go 3w/s/e/n/d and give book to guard. Go cell/e/nw/e/w/se/s/e/sw/w and then kill medusa, get her head. Go e/ne/w/n/out/u/s/w/2s/w/2n/3e/2n and unlock the gate, go n/e/n search and lasso stalactite. Climb lasso then head n/w a!
!
nd blow horn, hold head, pool and give jar to princess and free princess.(34)
46) Scavenger Hunt: I can only give hints at how to do this quest. Look in your guild box/equipment room, look at Cancer's, and watch the auction line. Each list is randomized and some of the items are so bizarre that you might never find them. Make sure you watch capitalization. The item MUST match EXACTLY as it is on your list. (35)
47) Pub Crawl: I don't know where all of the pubs are. Therefore, here is as complete a list as I can provide. If you know of others that are not on this list, please email me with directions and the name! I update my list as often as possible. (35)

Chaos Pubs (all directions from vortex)
Barker's Bar: 3e/2s/2e/n/9e/n
Burdog Saloon: 3w/5s/e
Crydee Village Pub: 4w/e/s/w/s/2e/u/2n/2d/enter/s/2e/4n
Dolen's Inferno: 3e/2s/2e/n/8e/3n/rent/sleep/dream(drops you 
randomly, find the scummy alley)/u
Gug Butcher Shop: (????)
Kyoto: Find the Strange Boy that wanders Chaos. 'trace symbol' then go left/right/
forward/forward/forward/forward/left/forward/right/forward
Moe's Tavern: Find the TV that wanders Chaos. Enter tv/3w/enter
Reservoir Pub:
Revelwood Pub: 3e/2s/2e/4n/break arch/say land/w/2nw/n/say 
aliara/climb vine/2u/sw/nw/w/u/2e/sw/se
Roadhouse Bar: 4w/e/s/w/s/read book/3e/5n/3w/n
Starbucks: 3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/3n/3w
Tea Shop: 2w/4n/gate/3w
Tropical Tavern: 3e/2s/e/n
Willie's Waterhole: 3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/2n/4e/2n/3e

Fantasy Pubs (Portals: PR = Road, PC = Wayhaven [City], PF = Forest)
Bacchus: PC/12n/leave/4n/9w/sleep/gate/5e/2n/2e
Blood on the Vine: PF/2s/sw/w/nw/enter mist/n/nw/e/3n/nw/n/ne/n/7w/n/e
Crown's Pub: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/enter south gate/2n/e
Deep Mountain: PF/5w/6s/5e/8s/2w/s/3d/3n/nw/3w/7s/3e/se enter hole/s
Dragon's Den: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/n/enter town/4n/
ne/enter traveler/push 3/leave/n/e
Egon's: PC/12n/leave/8n/5w/2n/path/enter
Elven Spirit: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/n/enter town/4n/ne/enter 
traveler/push 2/leave/5e/s/w
Golden Nugget: PR/4w/2n/path/gates/5n/e/s/w
Jerusalem Pub: PR/w/2n/u/summon (Pegasus)/mount/kick/3n/e/2n
/enter/4n/3w/pub
Kaynbee: PC/12n/exit/8n/3w/2n/nw/ne/u(harafin)/cave/trace 
symbol/u/out/e/n/d/4w/2s/w
Lazarian: (????)
Meat Market: PC/12n/leave/5n/16e/2s/bow led/4s/e
Mystic Inn: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/3e/enter city/3s/w
Pirate's Hole: (????)
Razorin (Swampy Drinks): PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/e/4s/7w/3s/3w/enter 
city/3s/e/s/2e
Tabard Inn: PC/12n/leave/8n/3w/n/enter
Tall and Short of It: PC/5e/5n
Tavern of the Catacombs: PR/7e/n/d/n/e
Titan's Tomb: PC/15e/leave/3s/w/board/2s/9e/2s/e/9s/e
Troll Fodder: PR/w/2n/enter/3n/w/4n/2w/2s
Underdark Pub: PF/5w/6s/5e/8s/2w/s/3d/s/3e/enter/n
Undersea Pub: PR/16e/3n/3e/enter/d/se/2sw/se/search/n/take a 
bracelet/s/nw/ne/nw/e/pool/4d/n/portal/breathe/2n/4e
Wayhaven: PC/8e/3s/se/4s/e
Winter's Haven: PR/8w/2n

Science Pubs (all directions from inside portal)
Angel's: (????)
Bar Car of the Musicland Express: (????)
Bill Bond's Tavern: (????)
Dead Hawaiian: u/2e/s/d/board train/out/u/2w/2n/w
Deevers: 2u/board shuttle/out/4w/4n/enter shuttle/out/5w/d/2w/
sw/nw/n/nw/n/nw/n/ne/enter/s
Grav Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/s/w/enter pod/2u/2e
Mos Eisley Cantina: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/n/w/enter pod/3n
Spacing Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/n/enter pod/d/e/n
Syderman's Drink Shop: u/2e/n/board train/out/n/2d/s/ne
Techno Karyoke Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/4s/board shuttle/exit/n/enter 
train/out/3n/2w/n/w
Zero-G Club: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/4d/2n/2w

50) Ravenloft2: Ok the first part of the quest is you have to kneel at donavich (assuming you know where donavich is, just ask if you don't) Get all the stuff. Then you have to find the gypsy in the forest west of Barovia. Then at the gypsy kill the golem, and open the door. Don't nod to the gypsy, pray. She will port you to another area. Only one per reboot gets it. You are on your own. You also have a time limit: the hour-glass. Go: enter/e/s/w/search organ/w/s/e/get invitation/w/n/e/e/n/w/w/ne/se/e. Watch the wedding and killing until it says that you remember the relics and have to get them quickly before Strahd does. Go: w/nw/sw/enter/e/e/e/e/get all Kill Strahd as fast as you can, then go all the way west and pray. (40)
51) Miyu: This is the only one I'm providing a map for. Look for a boy wandering around chaos. look at him, type: trace symbol, and you're in the Miyu area. Map of Kyoto: 
*-*-*-*-T 
|
I *
| | 
*-A *
| | *=just a room
*-*-*-* S=Start 
| | H=House entrance
* * * L=Library 
| | A=Armour 
*-*-*-L T=temple 
| I=Inn
H-*-*-*
|
* 
| 
*-S-*
The directions to this area take a while to get used to: they aren't n, s, e, w. Instead it uses left, right, forwards, backwards, and the orientation depends totally from what direction you entered the room from. You'll get used to it. Go to H on the map. Search houses, enter house. Once inside house, search debris. You'll find a mirror, which the boy in the house will take. Kill boy, get mirror. Also look at the picture on the wall here. Go out, and go to L on the map. Search the records, and you find a diary. Kill the boy here (he takes the diary before you can).Read the diary.. it gives some history to the quest. Go to T.. this is where the vampire Miyu is. Go back one space from her. Drop all your gear. Then go back into the temple. Say hi, and she asks if she can bite you. Say yes, then type: bite me. She bites you, and reduces you to 1 hp. When she bites you, she also makes you drop everything you were carrying, and she takes it. This is why you drop your stuff i!
!
n the other room. Heal yourself. get your gear, and then go to the Armor (marked A on map). Look at the mirror. Use mirror. Type: use mirror on armor. Then kill the armor. This armor is tough... but you can't kill it at all unless you use the mirror on it first, and have been bitten by Miyu. When Armor is dead, sever head from corpse. get head. Go back to H, enter house, place head in picture. (40)
52) Kimlark: Fantasy/forest portal/3e/se/4e/n (go to Kimlark). 3w/4s/look at cliff, climb cliff/2s/u/3w/n/u/w/3n/w. Kill guards, look at the oil painting then enter it. Enter cottage and request a story from the old woman. Leave the painting and go back e/3s/2e and kill the thief. Go ne/n/e. DO NOT GO DOWN. Kill the guards, search the rocks, and enter the cave. Go down and the Gnome Warlord is east (he's major trouble. Get help killing him). Get the amulet from his backpack. Go back to the oil painting and go north. Move the grate and you end up in a maze. Map it. By wearing the gnome's amulet most of the other gnomes will let you pass. Kill the dragon and get the key, then go se and search dung. Go d/3e/s/e/n/e/2s/3e/s/3w/s/2e/s/2w/s. You can't go back north. Continue 3e/n/e/s/e and unlock the door, then go north and kill the Minotaur. Get the crystal from him. Go s/w/n/w/s/2w/search and climb cleft. Go back to the dragon's room and go up. Go back to the cas!
!
tle's throne room (2e from the oil painting). Sit on throne and place crystal in chest. (40)
54) Hidden Treasure: Fantasy/city portal/12n/exit/8n/4e/5n/2nw/swim vessel. You need to get a lot of different things. The glasses: (from entry point) 5 aft/enter starboard door/pry panel (several times). The parchment pieces: (from entry point and then in order from each previous piece): 4 aft/enter port door/search chest (several times)/search false bottom/out/enter starboard door/search cabinet/out/all the way fore/search figurehead/kill mermaid/get all. Now go to the lower deck (3 aft and down). Go 2 fore/enter port door/kill wraith/search basket/out/2 aft/kill shadow/get all/aft/enter starboard door/search beds. This might or might not be 100% accurate, because I seem to recall having to smash the glass on a table for a piece. Arrange the pieces, wear the glasses, go all the way to the top and kill the captain, steer the ship till you hit land and then look at the map to find out where to go to dig. (40)
56) Cernunnos: Go to the Wayhaven library and look up Cernunnos and runes. Go north and east of Wayhaven and find the druidic stones there (you'll be able to go up), in the center of the stones there's a stone, get the stone look at it and rub it. Kill this incarnation of Cernunnos - Cernunnos is the Celtic leader of the hunt. Okay, now go to the 
Cernunnos area (east forest portal/e/4s/w/2s/w/s there's a priest somewhere down there. Get into the forest and climb to the top of the hill (you'll notice the path you follow runs in a circle, keep trying to go directions into the circle to go up the hill). To get out of the forest you'll have to find a path at the bottom of the hill that leads south back to the entrance, it'll be hidden as well. Go to the top of the hill, look at the runes on the stones you pass and try and make head or tales of them. At the top of the hill you'll have to rub your stone again and fight an incarnation of Cernunnos, this time though you get a sword and helmet when you kill him. Then you gotta figure out wtf the symbols mean and do something to finish the quest. Don't try leaving the area. After you rub the stone at the top of the hill the Hunt 
begins, and you'll be fighting tons of dumb mobs, hacknslash is 10/10. (40)
59) Mortal Kombat: (45)
60) Covenant: Chaos/enter/4w/e/s/w/s/read book. You're now in the Covenant area. I had the old qinfo to this, but since it got recoded I haven't been able to figure it all out. This is what I know so far: 3e/10n/w. Kill the nurse and search the medicine cabinet for the splints. Go e/2s/3e/2n/w/search box and get the twine. Then go e/2s/3w/5s/e/ne/7e/5s/3w and get the knife. The alcohol is in one of the RVs in the park. Once you get all this, find the instructions for how to deal with a snakebite, find the girl, and do what the instructions tell you to do. Go search the corral in Covenant's house, find the stream and enter the tunnel. Keep wandering through searching the grooves in each room until you find the snake king. Kill him and get the key, go back to Covenant's house and search the desk. You'll find a locked drawer, unlock it and get the ring, then wear it. (45)
62) The Project: Enter Science, go all the way north through Houston and out into the wastelands then go: n, and about 5 or 6 w, then north into Nanook's desert area. Go a couple north and west until you see a compound (it's a small area, so it won't take you long to find it). Enter the compound and then go all the way north to the shuttle to Mars. There is a messenger here that you can speak to. Ask him about Mars and mines and stuff. Go to the shuttle, enter it and go to Mars. On Mars you're inside a large covered colony. Map it. The shuttle is in the most north eastern part of the colony. The areas aren't really very big, so it won't take you long to map it. From the shuttle, go:2 sw, w, sw, w, d, 2w, sw, nw, n, nw, n, ne, n, enter massage parlor. You can speak to the woman at the back by the stairs. Go up the stairs and into a room with a woman in it. If she has a passcard then kill her and get it. If she doesn't then you'll need to look around on wandering workers fo!
!
r one. Leave the massage parlor, go back s, sw, s, se, s, se, then go: sw, 2s, and into the large plaza area. Wander around here until you find a tourist with a camcorder. Kill them and get it. You'll need the camcorder to record what you see down in the mines. In the north east part of this plaza is the news office, where you'll need to take the info you get to solve the quest. Find the secret genetics lab. From where you entered on the shuttle, go: 2sw, w, nw, n, w, and use the elevator to go down. Wander about in the mines until you find a door with a card reader. You'll need to use the passcard that you got to open the door and enter the lab. If you can't find the door in these mines, then try the mines on the surface of the planet. First buy an environment suit from the shop in the south east area of the plaza. If you leave the colony without it then you'll die. Wear the suit! Then go to the airlock in the sw area of the plaza, and go out on to the surface of the p!
!
lanet. From here, go: 5w, 2n, e (hidden exit)and into the mines here. Once you enter the lab, immediately attack the scientist here(Dr. Gnolwright). Kill him. He'll summon orderlies to attack you, so if you have some sort of calming power then use it. Once he's dead, then go east into his office. Search through the computer stuff. Search disks until you find one that looks important. Get disk. Then go back west, n to a pit. Look at the pit full of bodies. Start recording on the camcorder (the description tells you how). Stop recording again. Then go back to the news woman in the plaza in the colony. She'll immediately take the objects that you have. (55)
64) Ring of Power: Go to the zoo in chaos. From Da Void, it's n, w, n, and then search around a bit.. it's near the hide and seek quest. Enter the zoo, go 3n into zookeeper's house. Move the rug and get the key to open the drawer in his desk. Get the journal and read it all. Go s, 4w, s, sw, w, kill polar bear, get feather. Go e, ne, 4n, enter tree, kill lion, get horn. Leave the tree, go 2s, nw, w, kill panther, get tail. Go e, se, s, enter house, kill zookeepers. Clean mirror, gaze mirror. You are transported to place with a maze. Now, make sure you have plenty of healing... lots of maze guardians that don't hit hard, but there can be lots of them. Also make sure you have something to mark your way through the maze or you will be terminally lost! Enter the maze. You will soon find that directions don't correspond: so that if you go left to get to one room, if you then go right you probably won't end up back where you began. So mark the rooms and work out the directions. !
!
There are 15 rooms total. When I did it, the directions to the end were: forward, forward, left, left, backwards, left, left, backwards, left, left, forward, right, forward, and you should be at castle. Don't enter the castle yet! Search stone, go down, kill dragon. Put horn in conical hole, put feather in oblong hole, put tail in cylindrical hole, get ring of power. Then go up. If you need healing go back, else enter castle, go up, kill wizard (he's fairly nasty, but not TOO bad), enter crack, melt ring in lava. (55)
65) Kill Bahamut: Note: Pay attention to what is said by the dragons as they die. Starting from forest portal go 3w/2sw/4s/5e/7s/2w/s (you are in underdark shed). Head 3d/3n/ne/d (first room of 1st level maze)/4e/s/e/n. Here is the black dragon. Kill it and get tooth, then head 2s/e/s/2e/3s/search/vortex/up till you get past the dragon. Kill the green dragon and get tooth. Head d/vortex/n/2w/n/3w/2s/2w/n and kill the white dragon, then get tooth. Go s/2e/n/2e/n/e/s/2e/2n/2w/n/w/n/w/n/w/s/w/s/2e. Kill the blue dragon and get the tooth before heading 2w/n/e/n/4w/u/sw/nw/3w/10s/se/ne/e/u and then search until you get the illusion stuff. climb north and kill the red dragon, get tooth. you now have all the teeth, you only need catalyst now. Go back to the portal and go 5n/nw/3n/3e/se/ne/d/4e/s/e/s/e/s/2e/2s/2w/s/e/2s/2w/n/e and kill the dog if it's there before heading d/n/2e/s/2e/n/w. Kill Gor Shirek and get the catalyst. Trace your way back to first room of the maze !
!
(just reverse above dirs. till you are there) and go u/sw/3s/3u/n/2e/n/4w/3n/w and give all the teeth and the catalyst to shamus. Kill shamus. When you attack, Bahamut pops in. When Shamus is dead get the dragon slayer from corpse and wield it, kill Bahamut with it. (57)
67) Red Death: No qinfo (60)
68) Prismatic Jewel: No qinfo (60)
69) Megatech: The new Megatech is a lot harder then the old one. You have to go from the subway, u,4w,3s,all w, kill enforcers, n, 2w, n, kill enforcers open door, west, free man, and talk to him. He'll give you a card and tell you about bob, now you go back to the subway, go u,5n,3e,5n,w,n,2w,4n then enter, and look at the stove, walls, and stuff. It will tell you to turn one of them (it changes) or turn knob, or turn handle, but if you turn the wrong one, a hole will come. If you enter the hole, you'll die. You should find a down exit, go down and show the card you got from the man you freed and he will give you a bunch of passkeys. Now, from level 300-450 you have to use the passkeys. In each room you have to 'search', and in some you find a panel. One should say just that it's black, but the one you want to find is the one that is long, and it has '[ready]' on it. Now when you find the [ready], insert the lowest number of the passkeys you have (should get a 3,5,7!
!
,10) and so on. On level 300, use passkey 3, and on level 350 use passkey 5 and such, this is the hard part. Anyway, once inside, the directions are approximately: for level 50->100, all east, all s, should be like 3 or 5n, then go west. For level 100->150 all east, all south, (sw corner) 2e,all north, e, n. For level 150->200 w,n,6e,s,w. For level 200->250 2e,s,10w,10n,e,2sfor level 250->300 4n,e,s and all the levels after 300 you have to find the panel, and that's different for each person. 'search' in each room for them and you'll find panels in some. Look at panel and when you see a [ready] insert the correct passkey (lowest one that you have) check the numbers by look at front of passkey. On floor 500 go all west to Ancient Western dragon and kill it. Go west again and kill Arnold Hesler. (65)
70) Seahaven: No qinfo (70)
71) Pyron: No qinfo (75)
72) Perplexus: OK, as the quest description says, go to Angelo, and look for the angel. From the west gate of Wayhaven (which is 12 west of the Wayhaven portal) go: 7n,14w,2s,bow (to Led), s, and you're in Angelo. Kill the guards on the main road here, and get the key. Go west, and into the guard outpost. Kill the guards, search around, there's a trapdoor under the table. Move the table. unlock trapdoor, open, go down... follow the tunnels, killing cockroaches as you go. Where the tunnel forks, ignore the route to the troll, and go the other way (east). A few east, where the tunnel ends, you have to enter something or do something like that, and you'll find the angel. Speak to her.. use keywords like 'hello', 'help', 'Perplexus'...and anything else that comes up. She'll tell you that to find out more, you have to speak to the old wise elf. And she'll tell you that he lives in the mountains to the north. If she still has it, she will give you a holy avenger sword (useful for k!
!
illing the evil elf king later). Leave the tunnels, and back out onto the main road, while you're in town, have a look around: a couple south and one east of where you are, there's a statue of Perplexus... this is really Perplexus who has been turned to stone. Go back west, and a couple south along the main road, until you can't go any further. There's a strange wall to the west. 'push wall' and you'll end up behind it. Go 3 west, 2s and enter the tower, or castle, or whatever. Go 2 east, 3s, kill the 3 guards. Go 3 up, north, kill Goliath. Search painting, and you'll find a back room. There's Armor of the Dragon here (unbreakable, +3 strength), and 'quillions' which is part of the sword of Perplexus. Make sure you get this item! Go: out, s, 3d, 3n, 3w (back to tower entry). This time, go 2 west, 3s,m kill guards, 3u, n, kill Kargile. (this guy is a bit tougher than Goliath). Move plaque, and you'll enter a back room, this time you'll find the amulet of Perplexus.. keep thi!
!
s! To get back to town, go: out, 3d,3n,2e, leave,2n,4east. Head about 6 north (until you can't go any further), and you'll be out of town. From here, you need to get to the northern mountains. The direct route, I think, is:7e,6n. Or, from the west gate of Wayhaven, it's: 3 west,12 north, 4west, north. Once you get to there, 'climb' twice. Go s, w, n, w, n, kill lich. The lich should have the handle for the sword. Keep the handle! Go s,e,directly south for a few...somewhere here you go 2d, kill golem, go n to cave kill Mamakin. 'enter gap' get the blade, and you have the 3 components for the sword! DON'T make the sword yet!!!! As if you have to drop it or give it to someone, it vanishes, and the quest is ruined. Go out, s,2u,n, go east as far as you can, until you find a tree... climb rope., e, u, and speak to Elistan, who will tell you more info about where the wise elf is. If you're not carrying the holy avenger sword, that the angel had, then he won't tell you much, but!
!
that's OK. Go 2e,2d. There's a bedroom to the south. Look at the dresser.. there are 5 drawers. Search all the drawers (search drawer1, search drawer 2 etc.). You should find a diary (read this.. gives you more info) and a key. Go north out of the bedroom again. There's a door in the floor: open door and go down. Go west and speak to the queen (don't remember her name) she'll tell you a little more about where the wise elf lives, and also tell you to ignore any messages saying he's not in. Go west, n,d, out,w,4s,about 15 east, till there's a house to the north. Go north. There's a sign saying that the wise one's out... ignore this and unlock gate (with the key from the dresser) enter the house. kill the guards, go north to an empty room. search fireplace, move brick, get crystal. Touch crystal (must be in this room), and the wise elf (Yeltor) will appear. He'll tell you what to do for the quest, if you talk to him. He tells you to go see the scout in the village. Leave !
!
by going south a few times, and you'll end up back at the main path. Go back about 2 west, till there's a road to the south. Go south, east, ring bell, and the scout will come. say help, say quest, and he'll ask you who sent you... say 'Yeltor' Then he'll ask you to show him an item of Perplexus... show him the amulet. He'll tell you to nod when you're ready. Now this is the good bit: only one person is supposed to be able to get into the gray elves tree at a time... but once he's been shown the amulet, anybody can 'nod' and be allowed entry. So you can take a tank with you, to fight the creatures you have to fight. nod, and you'll be escorted into the back room. Go d, 2e,ne,4e,u,e (kill, or ignore the gray elves along the way). You're at the entry to the gray elves' tree. As mentioned in Elistan's diary, there's some twigs by the door. (look at the panels to the left and right of the door). Now, if you get the combo wrong, then you may be roped up by your feet, and you nee!
!
d a knife of some sort from one of the monsters in the area to cut the rope, otherwise the only way out is to quit. If this happens, you lose everything. So: before you try the combo, drop all your gear! Especially the quest items. If you get strung up then you can quit but you have to come back and start over again. If the door opens, and you don't get roped up, then get all your gear, and enter the tree. Go east, to a major intersection of tunnels. Now according to Elistan's diary, you have to put something in a large bowl, to open another door. From the intersection, go se, and follow it south. Search rags and you'll find an elf. talk to him a bit using key words. he'll reveal that if you place a stone in a bowl to the south, then you can take a rock from a room to the north, and drop it (he doesn't say where to drop it). Go back to the major intersection of tunnels. This time go ne, east for a few. There's a set of tunnels forking off: ne,e,se In each of these rooms i!
!
s a priest. In each case, kill the priest, search the altar, and get the precious stone. You should have a ruby, and emerald, and a sapphire. Go back west, sw, to the major intersection. There is possibly a trap to the south, so drop your gear here. Just take the ruby with you. This time take the south corridor... look at markings on the wall. They will show what gem has to go in what bowl. Go north.. if you have done the bowl bit wrong, you'll fall into a pit and have to quit. Go north.. collect your gear. Go about 3 north, to the end of the corridor. Kill the skull. Go west: a room on some sort of springs... interesting, but you don't know what to do... Go back 2 east, a room with a rock in it. Now that the ruby's in the bowl, and you have both other gems in your hands... you should be able to lift the rock. Go back to west to the springy room. Make sure both you and your tank are in the room. drop the roc and! the spring floor will drop, and deposit you in another room. Go !
!
west, kill the priests. Look at fountain. look at skull. Swivel skull. A secret door opens to the south. Go south, and kill the gray elf king. Make sure you have a tank! Get the cloak of Perplexus! Go back north.. l at altar, search altar. press switch until a portal opens up. Enter it, and you're back on the trail in the forest, north east of where the scout is. Go back west as far as you can, then go back east one. Go 4 north, east, in, u,s,2u,2w,d,w,d,2w,n,2d (out of the mountains) Go back to Angelo: from here, it should be: 6s,7w,2s,bow,3s,e. here, or around here, is the statue of Perplexus... Holding the 3 pieces of the sword: handle, blade, and quillions, type: make sword, and the ego sword is made. type: place sword. type: place cloak type: place amulet and, the statue will come to life. (75)
73) Vole the Hateful: Go to Deep Mountain and find the drow translator. Go to level 4 of the underdark maze and get the maul of the titans. Go to the 'open fields' and 'dig' 20 or 30 times in each room until you hear a rumbling sound. It will say you fell into a hole or something, dig until it says you can't anymore. Listen to what you're told and you'll be given a strand of beads. Hang on to this! Go back to level 4 of the maze and listen at the dusty corner until you hear someone mumble something. Make a note of what word is mumbled. Go to the demon spider and kill it. Search the throne and open door, go down and search around. You'll be asked for a password (this is the word you heard mumbled). Keep going and head south at the first intersection you run into. Break beads and watch the show. Note: be VERY careful of the demon spider. If you're lucky you'll get the demon spider carapace from it (a nice piece of armor). (80)
74) Mira: Make sure this quest hasn't already been solved this boot. Fantasy/forest portal. Go all w and look around for Mira's house. Find the gardener and kill him so you can get the shovel. The head to Tapan (from city portal: 7w/8s/3e/pay ferryman Tapan) and then map Tapan when you get there. Don't enter the river. Find a monkey and kill him (make sure he is carrying vines because you need them). From the ferry, go 2s/4w and climb the cliff, search the nest, and get the chain. Look for a tooth at the following locations: a) 3e from ferry (search sand), b) 2e/2s from ferry (search bones), or c) 2e/5s/2e/2s from ferry: look at cliff, climb down, enter caves, and search remains. Don't take anything else. After you have the chain and the tooth type: make necklace with tooth. Wear the necklace. Go back to the temple (2e/5s from ferry). Try to enter the temple and the guard will ask for a password. It is one of the following: Zeilik, Levtar, Rao. Once inside the temp!
!
le, go east and pick up the tea leaves (and nothing else you greedy bastard!). Leave the temple and go n/w into a hut. Search pottery and get the flower pot. From the temple guard go e/3s and search for a hidden exit. Map this area too. Look out for the crocodile. Find the witch doctor and read the book. It will tell you what you need. The Tapan Crystal will be in one of three areas. One of them is Rastafan's maze on the two-headed troll, one is on a guard in the icelands north of Wayhaven. Give the tea leaves to the witch doctor so he can tell you what color snake needs to bite you. THIS IS IMPORTANT!!!! Write it down, carve it into your head, remember it and keep it in your fucking head! Find the snake demon (secret exit along the west coast of Tapan). Kill the snake demon and search around for another exit. There 
will be lots of different colored Tapan snakes. type 'kill snake' where color is the one the witch doctor told you. IF YOU ATTACK ANY OTHER COLOR SNAKE YOU WILL DIE. After getting the potion, shovel, pot and vine cross the river at the river crossing (you ARE mapping, right?). Go all south and kill the spirit. You'll find the protector. Type sprinkle protector and knock the guard out then go south. Drop everything except the pot, vine, and shovel. Climb the tree, climb the branch and then tie the vine on to the branch and climb down. 'dig up flower' and go back to Mira. (80)











75) Dragon Knight: Go to the Portal of Life. From forest portal it's: 3w, 2sw, 2s, 2e.Good luck trying to map it. The area is dotted with following wyverns, which aren't hard to kill. Object: free the queen from being entombed in stone. To do this you need 5 colored orbs that you get from killing the dragon knights, and the Staff of the Positive Plane to kill the High Cleric who guards her. You also need a hexagonal key and an octagonal key to get to her. OK, go to green keep, kill guards (easy), n, e, search hearth, get rusty key,w, n, ne, 2u, n, push stone (on pillar), get red key. Ignore all other items here. Go to blue keep, kill guards, n, w, search hearth, unlock door (with rusty key), hearth, search look at brick, l at symbols, push stone/button, get green key. Go back to green keep, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with green key, n, there is a dragon knight here. Wait for a minute and he will turn into a green dragon and attack. Kill him (he's not too hard). Get the green!
!
orb. Never wimpy from a dragon knight or demons come and attack you, and they are annoying. Go to the 'wiz tree'. There is something in the description about an odd tree here. Search, turn knob, enter, u, and you will see an elven wizard. Say help, and he will give you a rainbow amulet. Wear this. Go to red stronghold. kill guards, 2n, ne, 2u, n, make sure you're wearing the rainbow amulet, and enter. Make sure nobody follows you in. There is a pillar here. Push stone, get blue key. Leave the room and go down, sw. This time go nw, 2u, unlock door with red key, n, wait till dragon knight turns into dragon, kill him, get red orb. Go to blue keep again, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with blue key, n, and there is a bench here. Lay on bench, dragon knight comes, kill blue dragon, get blue orb. Go to village. Follow the path into the center of the village, and then the wise woman is off to the nw. Go to her, and say help. She will give you a torch. Leave the village and go to wh!
!
ite keep. Kill guards, 2n and you see a fountain. Melt ice (need that torch). Get scroll. Go ne, 2u, n, push stone (on pillar) and get black key. Go to black keep. Kill guards, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with black key, n, kill black dragon knight, get black orb. Go s, 2d, ne, 2u, n, kill cleric. Push stone (on pillar). get white key. If you enter the doorway here you will go straight back to white keep. Go to white keep, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with white key, n, kill dragon knight, and get white orb. OK, now you should have all the dragon orbs! You need the more keys and the staff: Go to wyvern nest, climb (up into nest). Kill all 4 wyverns, search nest and you should find the staff of the positive plane. If not, go searching around the cliffs for more nests. You can insert one of the orbs into the staff, but don't try this right now, because you'll lose the orb and will have to go get another. Go to lizard nest. Climb up, kill faerie lizards, search nest and you should f!
!
ind a crystal key. If not search around for more nests.
Hexagonal Key: Go to place marked Temple on map, search bushes, enter, look at murals, move brick, get hexagonal key.
Octagonal Key: The octagonal key is on a courier who wanders in the area. I have always found him in the north east section. Follow him and kill him (easy). Get octagonal key. 
When you're ready for the final assault on the palace, look at the scroll. Chant the words on the scroll and you end up at the cliff where you have to 'search cliff' and go up. Actually, this place is 7n of the portal of life, and you don't need the scroll at all to get there. Go up, n, kill lich, 2 or 3n, till you see a pillar. Unlock pillar (with crystal key) and the drawbridge comes down. Go north and into palace. The palace is basically a square, with a tower at each corner. In each tower is a device you need to unlock (using hex or octagonal key). When this happens the pyramid they were supporting floats to the ground and you can go in to free the queen.
What you do is: from just inside palace, go: w, kill cleric (no wimpy, but he's not too hard), sw, up, kill lich, (no wimpy), u, unlock device. 2d, ne, 2e, kill cleric (no wimpy), se, up, now there is a lich here who won't let you go up. Kill him, and you can go 2u, unlock device, 2d, kill lich, nw, 2n, kill cleric (no wimpy), ne, u, dispose of the lich, u, unlock device, 2d, sw, 2w (past a couple of clerics, but they allow you to wimpy), nw, u, dispose of lich, u, unlock device. Now all the devices are inactivated, and the pyramid should come down. Go 2d, se, e, kill the 2 clerics, 2s, wield the staff of the positive plane, kill cleric. He should vaporize with the first hit. Get out all 5 orbs, look at the stone, and insert orbs. When you do this, the queen is freed, and the quest is done! 
Notes: If you let the lich follow you any further than the base of the tower, then it will stop you leaving and you will have to fight it to the death. The liches take a while to kill, so they are annoying. If you have somebody as a tank in the palace, don't wield the staff of the positive plane until you have to kill the final cleric. If you are wielding the staff then monsters will attack you, even if someone is trying to defend. (80)




















































77) Evil God: If you solve this after they've removed Jack the Ripper, you'll get popped for qinfo. LOSER! (90)
78) Balooga Falls: Note: You'll need an anchor. Go to the bridge and knock out the pegs, then grab or hold rope before you knock them out. Go to nyrow. say hi, quest, demons, jobs, angeldemons. 4w/n/e/n/look at painting/look at bench/open bench/get map/look at map. The go s/say hi/say angeldemons/say falls/say barrel/w/s/3w/look at monument. look at base, look at hole (search just to play dumb 3s/5e, say {hi, job, quest, demons, god, false god, gnos, monument} 4w/2n/5w, pray to gnos or just pray. Kill Lars treetop, get all. n/3e/4n/wade into water or wade into river. climb into barrel (you'll get that from Lars). Here is the "quest" part. (look at everything just to play dumb) n/3e, walk between poles. n kill demon (not so hard, 20K I think) Break mirror, n/get all/3s/ walk between poles/4w/nw/3n. kill all guards (EASY) get all/w/n/se/arch and finally search liquid (You get 1 gem). s/e/s unlock door, open door w, free prisoner, open door e/2s/2se/2e/n. kill Caveman and go!
!
2n/climb idol. climb idol and pry left eye (I think it was if not do the other, you take some damage if you pry the wrong one- this is gem 2). Go n/w , say gnos and you'll get hit by water, so you lose ALL HP except one, you don't die, turn off all "panic buttons" before you do this. Turn your "panic buttons" back on and go e/n/step into light. Go n/w kill all, hole, kill all get all, out/2e, jump across (DONT JUMP FOR ROPE, look at it and search it but DONT JUMP FOR IT, you'll get thrown out of the game if you do) climb down, search, get all (gem 3), climb east wall. n door, say 200 (its a riddle you get thrown out of the game if you get the wrong answer), notice the name he says... like "Say hi to blah for me", and notice his name.) 2n/w, get parchment, look at parchment.. (You should do this before anything else) and then afterwards go get the mirror gem and such. search throne, search hand, arm, search left arm rest (and right arm rest) open one of them (I think it was th!
!
e right), and get gem (4). Go e/2n/ne/e look at skull, look at balls. throw balls at skull. You now get gem 5. Go w/n/nw/w/avert eyes from cage, pull rope, kill gorgon get amm (gem 6) e/n. Say hi, gems demons, gnos, angeldemons. You should go to this guy first too, (after stilts and parchment because he gives you lots of good information, about the room of the kings (throne room). Ok.... Right n is a DEATHTRAP... To avoid it, you should type pray to gnos every round.. He will save you.. BUT if you are lagging... R.I.P. My advice is to trigger this to go every round. Search/get all (gem7)/n/say hi, he will say "I don't talk to strangers". Remember the name at the riddle dude, say Byro n.. He will ask who told you, say Ragorse. Then to let him pass, say false god or quest or something. Right n is a VERY DANGEROUS Hydra, class 120K or something. You have to kill him, but there is a trick that might just work. Try to go north and back s to the manticore, and then n again, hopefull!
!
y he will let you pass. If not you have to kill him. Go n until you come to a door, search it and search holes. Here is the right sequence you should put the gems in. If not it's been changed: Hole 7=Emerald. Hole 6=Ruby. Hole 5=Sapphire. Hole 4=Diamond. Hole 3=Pearl. Hole 2=Opal. Hole 1=Topaz. Go all n and look at painting. look at EVERY item on the painting. Then finally look at moon. Step through the wall (it will say the correct 
syntax for you) and get all and say GO you will get transported out to Balooga falls. Find your way to nyrow, (think it's just go n). Then go 6w/3s/6e (You'll be back at the priest). say staff, anchor, and the third item you got. He will say The staff get it's energy from hearts of 
demons. look at staff. You will notice its base is "screwed" (the hole in the monument is also screwed). So kill ALL 21 demons, carry ALL hearts in your inventory, and go to the monument and type insert staff in monument (or hole). Kill false god. The god hunts so be careful not to drag him to town and let some other asshole kill him. (90)
79) Wayhaven: First: map all of Wayhaven. From the portal go: 5e/5s/e and climb stairs to the clerk. Present yourself and he'll tell you that you need citizenship. Enter the stall n/w of portal and buy a guitar. Then go to the woman on balcony (6n/2e of portal). Serenade woman and receive her message. Find the captain of the guard (4s/climb staircase from portal) and deliver message. He'll give you another message. Go back to the woman and deliver the new message. She gives you a note, take this to the guild master (e/2n/w/enter door/w/present note from woman). He gives you guild sponsorship. Go back to the clerk and present yourself. He tells you to get a bounty hunter's license. Go to tintorillos (w/s of clerk) and 'prepare document'. They'll tell you that you need ink and notarized paper. Go to the ink shop (n/w/5n/7e/2n/2e/3n/4w/2n/e from tintorillos). Ink master tells you that you need an ink fish (w/n/4w/s/kill fisherogre/get rod/catch fish). Go back to !
!
ink master and buy ink. Go to the paper shop (w/n/3w/4n from ink shop) and buy legal bond paper. Go get it notarized (3w/2 or 3s from clerk). There's a sign saying that the notary office is along the Promenade. You can't get there unless you have a pass so go to the printer shop (12e/2n/2e/2n/w from portal) and buy pass. He'll tell you to go to a forger and 'shimmy on out of here'. Shimmy and you'll go up a ladder to the forger. He needs special and ink and paper so guess where you get to go again! Come back and get your pass. Go back to the Promenade (5e/5s/w/3s/3e from portal) and 'notarize document'. Go e/n search the dock. Leap to the boat you find, free smuggler and he'll take you back and give you an important item. Go back to tintorillos (see why you need to map Wayhaven??) and 'prepare document' by going s of the clerk and typing 'sign document'. The 5 councilors each need a 
bribe, and each bribe is different. 1: a gem (dwarven traders north of portal), 2) a gladhand (hustler in se section of Wayhaven), 3) a book on making money (Wayhaven library: 7w/3s/2e/2s/u/w from portal. Kill everyone, search the shelves and steal book), 4) a drow tapestry (go to gunpowder shop [s/3e/n of paper shop] and buy gunpowder. Go to the citadel cannon [4s/2w/3s of portal], light cannon, and climb in cannon. Go through the citadel and kill the guards. Kill the captain and step in haze. Kill the guards, climb up, kill more guards, and go west. Kill the guards, but not the sergeants. Keep heading west, kill the captain, and go west and then north. Search a few rooms north and get the tapestry. Give it to the councilor), 5: silver dragon scale (challenge arena [4n/e/d from portal] and challenge the baby silver dragon. Kill it and get the scale.) Once you have all 5 signatures go back to the clerk and present yourself. He tells you about the quest. Head to the!
!
brothel (8e/3s/3e/2n/e from portal). Peruse the book and request a whore. You need to go the guild HQ (8n/5e/2n/e from portal) and request guild membership. Buy thread and velvet from the stalls in the bazaar (s/w and s/e from portal) and go to the seamstress (12e/2n/2e/7n from portal) where you order a sash. Go back to the brothel, order a whore, 
and pleasure him/her. Request the madam and kill her. She escapes through a secret door. Search around, go through the secret door, kill her, get the papers and the key. Search around to find the exit again. Now, go to the chief mugger in the mews (5e/4n/e/3s/e from portal) and kill the mugger (who has a dwarf mask). Go w/3n/4w/s/e/s and wear the 
mask to go into the dwarven pub. Kill the 5 dwarves that attack you and search the mirror and go down through the trap door. Then go n/e and search around. Open the door you find with the key you got from the madam. Kill the chief mugger who attacks (80k) and then search around to get his seal. You also find a secret exit leading you out to a safe place. Go back to the clerk and present yourself again. As you head to the mayor's office you fall into a well. Blow the whistle you got from the smuggler and he'll come and take you to a secret entrance. Search the ladder (to disarm a trap). Climb up and kill the mayor. (95)
80) Western: No qinfo (100)
81) Ravenloft: No qinfo (100)
82) Miritar: No qinfo (100)
83) Keylon Crown: Nothing yet (100)
84) Epic: No qinfo (100)
85) Durskaen: No qinfo (100)
86) Balance: No qinfo (100)

Barovia
You need to get items for Ismark to make you a shield and a helmet. When you are wearing these, you can go to the Barovia graveyard and kneel at Ismail's grave. That's all of the quest. From forest portal, go to ravenloft:2s, sw, w, nw, enter mist, kill nightmare, in. Then, go: n, nw, w, nw, search river, get stone (unique item, I think)go: 2e, ne, n, nw, n, ne, n, 2ne, 2e, 2n, w, nw, n, w, follow coffer corpse (it flees a lot :P), kill coffer corpse, get silver. go 2e (if you're still in the coffer corpse's original room), follow apparition (also flees), kill apparition, get gold. go: w, s, se, e, 2s, w, kill bats, w, kill bats. Every so often, when you kill a bat, the wings remain undamaged, and are left behind. This is what you are looking for... so keep killing bats till you get some bat wings. If you're unlucky you may have to wander the forest for a bit, till you get some. go: 2sw, 6w, 2s, nudge ismark, type: make helmet. He'll now make you a bat wing helmet to w!
!
ear. Go to ice portal in fantasy. Then go south and east until you reach a glacier where you can climb up. Cross the glacier (e,n), go down the other side, s, enter the cave in the glacier wall. Search stones, get mithril. All you need now is another block of gold but you have to wait for the Apparition to reset to get it ! :(Go back to apparition in ravenloft. Get another block of gold. When you have the block of gold, go back to Ismark (w,s,se,e,2s,2w,2sw,6w,2s) Type: make shield. Wear the shield, go back to the graveyard (2n, 5w, n, w). Kneel.

--GOBLINHEAD--O.K.....I'll start with the problem....you need to find a scroll of charm protection, cause the one monster charms you and either makes you drop all or jump off a cliff. You'll also need another person to help you get to said monster.
1) Enter fantasy portal, then go to the road portal.
2) Go into Balooga falls, 4 or 5 east of the portal I think, look for a bar to the north. go into the bar, and say forgers. (bar may be a little west or east...somewhere around the above directions is close).
3) Give 1000 coins to forger, he'll give you some I.D.
4) Go to the icy blue portal and get a ring or two of feather falling
5) Get the scroll of charm protection, I have no idea where it is, or if you can find a nice cleric who is quick enough at bouncing, they can kill the harpy without it (with a little luck and no lag)
6) Go west to the end of the road from road portal, north to the tundra, west a bit, look for a path leading north in the room descriptions, then go north.
7) Load the catapult with some junk, like bread, pull, and fire. You'll have to adjust it to fire it into the cave opening using adjust #, usually between 10 and 15. When it is firing into the cave, load yourself in the catapult and get someone to fire you in there. This is where the harpy is that will charm you.
8) Kill harpy, then kill the goblin king. sever head. take the head to the lord in the castle that is 3s and a couple west of the place where the road curves south...show I.D. to the keep guard, then enter. the lord is to the west or northwest. Look around, find him, and give him the head. he'll give you some stuff, go back to the guild and collect the quest points.

Boomer Crisis
Go to Megatokyo: from science, it's up, ramp, and take the train. Go 3 north, 2w, n, w, look at the cash register. Push button, and you geta security card. Keep this. Go e,s,4e,3s,kill yakuza, search mat and get cyber gloves. Go n,e,search floor, d, south until passage forks, search floor, dbath, submerge, and a man turns up. Leave the mud bath, kill the man,get cyber boots. Go up, n until you can't any more, u, w, 2n, 8w, nw, kill Leon,get cyber bracers. enter, w, kill guards, s, get k12 armour.go n, e, leave, se, 3e, s, sw, n, sw, se, e, se, d and into the sewers. Now, I don't know the way from here.. but the rats are VERY nasty!and they follow... so take a tank and kill them as you go. Wander around.. you need to find a door.. I think it's one level down. When you find it, use your card to open it, and kill the boomer,search and get neural implant (a once per reboot item). Leave the sewers, then: nw, w, nw, ne, s, ne, n, 3e, n, n, kill guards. Go through the build!
!
ing killing guards as you go. Just like Megatech,only some of the guards are harder. I haven't been that far, but, at the top you have to kill the head of the company, wear all the cyber gear and then relax on his couch.


Qinfo (last updated 04/15/03)


The majority of these are written from memory so the exact syntax might not be included. While there are directions for some of the quests, THERE ARE NO MAPS. Those of us who did the quests on our own had to map and explore...SO SHALL YOU. This is good for you because if you go through like a laundry list you WILL get popped for qinfo. Special thanks to all the people who helped by providing information on quests I haven't done. No names (for security reasons), but you know who you are. Whenever possible I've added notes about possible death traps and toughness of mobs. 

1) Marbles: these are found all over the mud. See Marble List. (1qp each)

2) Bbn Planet: chaos/2w/lift manhole cover/n/kill tech (5k)/search wall/kill tech (5k)/exa upper,middle, lower server/plug DCR.NET cable into one that is most alive (5)

3) Bug: No qinfo for this one. The mosquito flies around pinnacle and everyone is free to attack it. It can take massive amounts of damage, so dedicate some time for this. It will randomly leave to another place in Pinnacle, and might just port you somewhere else randomly. Only problem I can find is getting it after it's gone into the cemetery. (5)

4) Chop Tree: you need an axe and some patience for this one. Search all the rooms in each of the mirrors with your trusty axe. You'll find an old oak tree. When you find it, just type 'chop tree' and you're done. (5)


5) Codename Kodiak: in newbie land, find the battletech mirror and go in. go nw/nw/e/search rubble/nw/nw/nw/search doors/nw and go into the elevator shaft. Go up and talk to the guy. Then, go back down into the elevator, and then search the boards. Go down and talk to the guy there, he'll give you a helmet. Wear the helmet and go u/se/se/se/se/w/se/sw/se/sw/and search trees. You'll see a hidden exit ONLY if you wear the helmet. Go kill Kodiak. (5)


6) Free Cho: chaos/enter/4w/e/s/e. you need to activate the machine by turn knob, flip switch, press button. Kill all the mobs you see in there. Careful, as this is no wimpy. After you kill all of them, eventually you'll see Dr. Cho. Type 'free Cho', search beam to get out. Then you're done! (5)


7) Mack: newbie land. Newbie Mack: duploland:
1st- get ladder - 4w/4s/w/s/get ladder
2nd- get block #1 - buy donut/give to cop-(unlock door/open door/w/read wall(get number)) - go to bank/ask box (####)
3rd- get block #2 - enter barn/u/kill hen/search/give bone to dog 4th- kill mack-s end of house/l at ceiling/u/n/attach %% to %%/unlock door/open door/w (mack is kind of tough)

8) Newbie Academy: from newbie bin, go s, d, n and enroll in the school. Answer all the questions, they answers are all in help files and room descriptions. Make sure you know the phone number to the White House. If you aren't a newbie, you can still do this quest. In the sewers of Pinnacle look for the newbie mice and you're on your way, Science, 2w, 3n, d, n, w, 2s, 3w, 2s, 2e, 5s, u. (5)

9) Ralintaro - search around (ground and brambles and wall) for skeletons. One will have a scroll with magic words to get into the tower. Chant the words and enter and go e, exa peg/search peg, you'll find another scroll with directions to find a pen which is in the west most room. then go all north, west and kill the guardian then trace the symbol with pen and kill ralintaro. (5)

10) Resource Crisis: newbie land, find the mirror with the oil field in it. Search behind the seat of the truck. In the tool shed, in the office desk and just everywhere. You need a digital multimeter and a pair of wire clippers. Then, after you have those, find the tower you can climb up. There's a device. Test each wire with the multimeter. The one with the charge is the one you need to clip. (5)

11) REMOVED

12) Tree: from cot: s/2e/2s/look at tree. (5)



13) Twelve Princesses:

chaos, 4w, e, s, w, s, 3e, enter, nw, recline. Say hi, say king, say proclamation, say defenses, (if she doesn't give you the cloak now, drink the wine the first night then come back to her an say help), road, say hi, say yes, say daughters, say help, w, n, search each bed individually - search bed 1 etc - mine was bed 4. Go to your room, lay down, pour wine, wear cloak, go north, knock on bedpost, d, prune twig, w, prune twig, w, prune twig, board, search princesses, exa stopped couple, exa goblet, search goblet, clutch goblet, board, go back to king, give all twigs (in order) to king, give goblet to king. Done. (8)


14) Arcanarton: Fantasy/road portal/2w/s/sw/trail/enter. 
Go up the tower to the very top, where you'll find Arcanarton.
Arcanarton is at the top, 30k-35k, non-aggro, non-hunting wimpy safe.
Kill him. There is also a marble here (see marble list for details).
(10)


15) Destroy Barney: Chaos/enter/w/3s/3e/n, enter. kill the stagehand to get his pass, he moves around, so find him as you make your way towards barney. go e, 2n, search box, take liquor, 2w, 3s, 3w, show pass, search couch, give bottle to barney. (10)


16) Disney: find the mirror that has the small coastal town in it. Go to the west until you can go south. Then go all south and all west until you find Doc at the mine. Say diamond and he'll give you a pickaxe. Swing pickaxe in every room of the mine until you find the diamond, then go back to where you went south. Head all west to the house in the forest and go in. Give the diamond to Snow White and say mirror. She'll give you a mirror. Go all e from the beginning until you can swim, swim, go first s, kill ursula, s, get letter, go back to witch, show letter to witch, talk to witch until she says she wants the mirror, show mirror to witch, give mirror to witch.plan She drops the award, pick it up and go back to the mirror. Head south and check out the first house to the west. Inside is Mickey, give the award to him. (10)


17) Djinni: Djinni Bring a light source.
Wayhaven, all e, leave, folow road e/ne until you get to the docks. 
In the room before either dock (exits e or n) swim or swim in ocean.
Swim until you get to another beach with only exit south. 
Go s and then climb over rocks then examine cliff, examine 
cave etc. Dive water, watch mob until it settles on the bottom, 
kill mob, examine bottom, search slime, get bottle. 
(Key you get from mob can be used to open a tan box on 
the island in this area to get a tan marble).

Once you 
have the bottle, return home or to a good area. 
You may want to put eq in a box as you can't use 
eq or guild powers once inside the bottle.
Remove cork.

You now suck. I will only say the 
things you have to do - you may want to kill the
mobs to get eq as you will have none.
Go to the room with Stinky/Skippy/whatever his name is
- he is the newbie. 
Here you can pick flowers for a 100 hp heal. 
Left of him is a room with an anorexic slave. 
You can exa garden, pick vegetables, get vegetables.
Each vegetable gives approx 100 hp heal. You will need these!
Go to the mage, wait until he says the magic word 'Kazam' 
To the right of the mage, search rocks for a hunting knife, 
this helps ALOT! Go to centre and say key in front of a mob 
(I did this with the rogue but I assume it will work for any of them).
Mob will tell you which little mob in the outer circle has their particular key.
Go to them and say key again. 
They will give you a key to the door.
Kill guard in inner circle (I found him pretty hard), 
unlock door, go 2n - here is the mage (non-aggro) 
I would suggest having as many flowers/vegetables and ppl available 
for hmheal from afar as possible for this bit.
Kill mage, get sword. Go s, search room, say kazam, 
climb stairs, give sword to Djinni. (10)

18) Gameshow: chaos/enter/2e/all n. This one is random, and there are a few gameshows. The ones it can be are price is right, wheel of fortune, and $10,000 pyramid. To get to the pyramid you have to go to family feud, get to the final round, kill Richard Dawson and search wall. 

Jepordy: sw, e, e...buzz when question is asked. Pat Sajak = weather man, Janice = Price is Right, Family Feud ABC --> CBS was in 1985.

Price is right you just go: n, kill contestant, join line, bid 450, e, kill Holly, take all, place blue tag on box, place green tag on beans, place red tag on package, 2e, kill contestant, kill bob, spin wheel. 

Common answer on WoF is 'Cancer the tradesman, the locker clerk', though this changes. (10)

19) Nightmare: chaos/enter/w/7n/w/n/search bed/sleep in bed. Find the classroom (all e/all s). From there you need to get the following: box of chocolates (cafeteria, grab tray, search tray), pretty picture (art room, search table, take picture), love letter (locker, open locker, search locker, take notebook, exa notebook, deflower notebook), binaca blast (principal), gift (playground, search, d, take jacket, search pockets). Then go all n/e/s to your ideal mate. Give them all to her except the blast. Push button to get a minty breath. Kiss her (10)

20) NY Mugger: science/enter/u/2e/d/board train. When you get to NY wander around till you find the mugger and kick his fucking ass! (10)

21) Orc Slayer: Go to Knivur (road portal, 4w, 2n, path) say orc slayer. Say quest. Eldurazil will give you a location (it changes). say yes, say leave. Go to location and search until you find the shaman. Kill Shaman (32k), get sword, return to knivur and say orc slayer. Done (10)

22) Rampart: fantasy/city portal/15e/exit/17e/2s/sinkhole. Pray, accept_challenge, the answers are compassion, heart, mind, forgiveness, understanding, love. Go out, and get back to the sinkhole. Give soulgem to figure. (10)

23) Sarkath Khan: fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/8n/5w/2n/path/enter. Order room/order beer/sit/give beer to zarkoff. Listen to his story, go upstairs, and then sleep in your room. Then look at the map and go to the cave. Inside the cave go n, ne, nw and kill the mobs. Open the coffin once they're dead and 'free Sarkath khan'. Sarkath khan tells you you must find Khor-Thok. Take a shovel and leave the cave. Go 6e, 2s from the cave entrance and dig several times till you find a skeleton. Search skeleton and get crystal. Return to Sarkath Khan. (10)

24) Save Grandma: chaos/all s/ne. You'll be in a forest. Search every room for a red cloak. Wear the cloak and go to the house in the northeast corner. Knock on door. Kill the wolf and open closet. (10)

25) Spaceport: chaos/enter/s (find comet)/ride coment, board winnebago, pull lever 3 or 4 times, say hi, say quest, se, kill spaceball with comb - comb desert rooms until you find a door, enter door, kill lonestar, get amulet, wear amulet, s, say statue, lift statue, get ring, wear ring, go back out, go to megamaid, exa vacuum, flip switch - you are sucked into megamaid, se, kill spaceball, get swipecard, swipe card, kill spaceball, get card, swipe card, exa button, push helmet into button, sw, w, nw, out, se, sw, nw, give debris to king. (10)

26) REMOVED

27) Zetron: Fantasy/city portal. Go 2n/2w/enter stall and buy a medium sized ladder. Go 3 or 4 east from that stall and enter the next one and buy incense. Go to the portal and search portal, retrieve seal. Then go 7w/6s/3w/s and find the shrine to Zetron. Burn incense, pray, return seal. (10)

28) Lothlarian: This has changed. The only info I have for the new way is this: enter mirror/s/search trees/w/s/w/w/s/s/w kill the three Phoenix Guards then go north. Kill general then search papers several times until is says something about the shrubs being the weak point of the defenses/e/n/search shrubs/n/e/n/e/e/s/s/s/skill ghost and enter fort. n/n/n/d/enter darkness kill arkhan and get standard. nw/u/s/s/out/n/n/n/n/w/w/s/w/s raise standard. This will only work if you're evil. (10)

Other version is to kill arkhan, get bag, go to stand of trees, enter stand, say knot, untie bag, go to where the elf is crucified on the tree, free elf, search elf,exa pocket, read note, blow horn.

29) Alphabet: Chaos/enter/2e/d. Kill the letters to spell the word HELICOPTER. You only need one E. Make sure you have one of the items other than a letter from one of the kills. The letter R is in a hidden room. Once you have all this, go back to the H room and 'spell helicopter'. Note that if you leave the area for any reason before you spell helicopter that you have to do it all over again. (15)

30) Boomer Rampage: (15)

31) Hobgoblin: Fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/all n. Take the path and enter the cave. Go all northwest once inside to the stream. Jump over stream and search the bones. Go back and head west till you can go up. Go up and kill the kid with knife. Get the knife. Go back down twice and head south to find the crazy hobgoblin. Give the knife and the bone to him and he gives you a flute. Go west and find the hobgoblin priest. Play flute and the priest will die. Get the amulet and leave. Go back to the city portal and go 7 west and then south then w some more and then south a few. Search around near the Shrine to Zetron for the Tower of Zalasta. Enter the tower, say Zalasta, go all up, go south and give the amulet to Zalasta. (15)

32) Jack the Ripper: Chaos/enter/3e/5n. Go all east until you find the Dorset street police station. Go out/n/2w/exa rags/search rags/exa corpse/search corpse/take scrap...go to all the inspectors and give them the scrap. One will tell you who to accuse. Go accuse them and the ripper will attack and you must kill him...ripper is 24k, wimpy safe. (15)

33) Perfection: Chaos/enter/4w/e/s/w/s/2e/n. Enter warehouse/tease flower/kill tulip/kill nail/get everything/enter imperfect panel/kiss glass/lick film/ride particles/tease flower/enter imperfect panel/qwerty/lick film/ride particles/tussle flower/kill nail/kill tulip/get nothing/taste experience/conduct experiment/caress tulips/be perfect/do nothing/tease flower/enter perfect panel/up/enter heart/die/return nothing/somewhere/tussle flower/taste experience/climb ladder/return everything. You're on your own to get out. I found that if you reverse some of the above steps you eventually get back out. (17)

34) Ebonbane: To enter barovia go from forest portal: s/s/sw/w/nw. Enter mist and wait for nightmare to appear. Kill nightmare/get phylactery/wear phylactery/in. Now you are outside of barovia. If you want back to the portal from here: enter the mist: go e and n (I think). From mist go: n/nw/n/ne/n/nw. You are now at Barovia entrance. From Barovia entrance go: n/ne/n/10w/s/3sw/6w/nw/2w/sw/as far w as you can. You will now stand in a cloak room. Go: n/e/search/get key/w/n/e/u/se/get key. Then back to the cloak room. Then sw/2nw/w/s/get key/n/e/2s/w/s/open sarcophagus/kill spirit/deal with corpse/get key. Back to cloak room and 2n/w/d/w. Simply arriving in the final room solves the quest. (20)

35) Free Stag: Go to Medlar (Fantasy/road portal/3e/4n) and find the throne room with the King (32k) and his guard (21k). Kill both of them and move stand. Go down and kill the griffin (24k). Get the gem north of the griffin. From the king, go s/2e/u/w/s/e and kill the lady (25k). Get her gem. Then go s/all w/all d/s/2e/s from the king. Kill the guard (30k) and get the key. Go into the cell and kill the thief. You should now have all 3 gems. Go back to the courtyard and look around. Find the tree that says something about stones, drop the gems and the tree with absorb them. Go through the secret exit and follow the tunnel till you go up. Go up and type 'free stag'. (20)

36) Frozen Dude: Fantasy/road portal/4e/7n/touch statue. Find the lumberjack and kill him. Grab his axe and wander into the forest there and chop tree. Get the log and enter the cave. Make sure to map it and be in verbose mode. In one of the rooms with the dark hairy beast there's a dude frozen in the crystals if you search. Light log and thaw dude. (20)

37) Waldo: Chaos/enter/4w/2e/w. You should be in Waldo's house. Find the closet and search around.search corner adn find an exit, go exit, in a room with footprints, trace footprints or trace symbol, end up in a room with a vault and a hole in the floor, enter hole, exa tube, search tube or whatever to get paper, read paper/writing, d, pull plug, exa walls, trace symbol - should be back at the vault, type , exa walls, exa money, q money, exa plaque - plaque will tell you where to seek for Waldo (mine was 'If it's Waldo you seek then you must look for a Fish Scale', which are in the bottom of the tank of water), out, enter hole, d, pull plug, climb stairs/stairs, exa house - take note of what movie is on the side of the house, exa bed, q bed, say hi, when he asks what his favourite movie is, say movie that was on side of the house, shake hand, climb window - done.(20)

Other version;

go w into the tube, spin around. This take you to the roof. Search the X, read the paper, go to the vault, enter combination, inside the vault exa the money, exa the bill. There should be a $26 bill that has waldo on it. Search the plate, exa plate. This tells you to look for a fish eye to find waldo. go back to the tank. exa fish exa eyes, exa eye, search eye this should press a button which takes you to waldo. Tell him his favourite movie from the side of the house and then shake his hand. climb out to window to exit room.

Mars Attacks

exa bottom of the pool for paper
It says: 'If it's Waldo you seek then you must look for a Flower Pot'. Odd
plants in the central room w of the area entrance.

38) Accipiter: (25) 
Accipiter says: Ahh, good, good...you are most kind. There is a special forest south of the mainland, the Forest of Types. If only you'd be so kind as to retrieve for me a branch of the Moon Tree, and some Turquoise Jelly. Accipiter says: Turquoise Jelly is a useful ooze congealed from the branch sap of a water tree. Some shamans value it in rain-making spells. I myself use it in some recipes for its light,salty flavour.
Accipiter continues: It is a trifling request almost... both are easily enough obtained. And I will ensure that the forest will aid you.

Accipiter says: I need both items for a broth I am cooking. When you return with them, we can both sit and enjoy the warm soup,and I'll tell you all you wish to know about the world of the creators.
Accipiter says: Oh, and concern yourself not with the crane who guards my home... he will pay you no heed.
Accipiter says: The Forest of Types is an enchanting island to the south,and a fairly new addition to our realms. Its origins have a tale about them...
You say: tale
Accipiter says: Several centuries past, back when the realms were lush, untorn by the new beasts called into our lands whilst their summoners waged a bitter, pointless struggle, our kind was born.
Accipiter says: As it was told to our first generation, and as it has been passed down through our myths and blood, our own war would be with the man/trees of the north. And yea, for centuries we did war with the trees, as it continues today thus.
Accipiter says: However, once a young hawk named Accipiter came of age, he decided that blood need not be spilt any longer, that our claws need not sunder bark, nor our beaks pierce the dry flesh of wood any more.
Accipiter says: This young hawk was the first to voice such a thought, and he was received thus with indifference at first. However, he soon gained renown for his scholarship, and attained high rank among his kind despite his radical anti-war beliefs.
Accipiter says: And one day, this enterprising hawk embarked upon a certain project...he flew to an island south of Wayhaven;a desolate though fertile isle, and spent the greater part of the next forty years planting a magical forest ripe with all species of trees.
Accipiter says: When my creation was complete, I offered it to the man/trees as a gesture of peace, as a message that at least one man/bird remains averse to the violence of years past.
Accipiter says: And yea, once our Power gained word of my offering, I found myself here, on the cold ground, remanded to a fate of flightless impotency. A bittersweet tale, yea

You say: hi
Cocodryllus says: Truly I am in no mood for pedestrian chat, adventurer. Begone, yea

You say: moon tree
Cocodryllus's right eye flashes.Cocodryllus says: It be the Moon Tree ye seek? True, ye be close, as it lie just beyond this creek. But to visit our fair Mother, I'm afraid, is quite out of the question. You see, since with only one eye I cannot tell friend from foe, alas you may not pass.

You say: eye
Cocodryllus growls: My eye was snatched by the wicked serpent, Anguis.
You say: anguis
Cocodryllus says: Ah, we have a long history of enmity, he and I. He is but a wee snake, ye see...but he caught me unawares last night, and plucked my eye from my brainpan.
Cocodryllus says: He slithered off before I could lay chase. He is probably back in his rocky refuge by now.
Cocodryllus says: I wonder how he even made it to this isle. Perhaps he stowed away in some adventurer's boat.
You say: rocky
You say: refuge
Cocodryllus snarls: The piteous beast finds home in brief rock settlements, and prefers unbearably hot, dry conditions. Indeed, he is not a native of this island.

Charter forest of types at the ferry.


39) Attrition!: (25)

40) REMOVED

41) Dragon Shell: (25)

42) Haunted Manor: Fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/8n/all w. 
Follow the path until it ends. 
Find the window, and open shutter/open window/climb window 
then go s/e and go upstairs. Go w/n/examine ceiling/pull lever.
Go 2s and kill the guy and get dagger. 
Go south again and smash amulet and kill the guy. 
He summons imps, so run north and kill them before he summons 
enough to kill you. 
Akura has a no-leave spell that he occasionally casts. (25)

43) Heart of the Cosmos: Find the USA today that is floating around chaos/study horoscope. Go to each of the 12 houses and kill all of the mobs. When they die, they will drop a gem that you will automatically pickup. Search the rainbows in the main corridore to find 4 more gems. Search each sign in front of every house to find the recipe for making the perfect gem. Go to the center room, topple all of the flags and kill the giant that arrives (110k, help is allowed). get his hammer, make the gems, go d and hold gem, heal sphere.(25)

44) Katin: First find George Weathermay, but don't attack him. From forest portal, go: 2s, sw, w, nw, enter mist (to enter ravenloft) George Weathermay is in the forest south-west of barovia. So, once you've gone in, go:n,nw,n,ne,n,nw,n,ne,n,10w,s,4sw,6w... George hangs around here, particularly at the goblin camp just to the south. Mention the journal, and he gives it to you. Open it, and a key drops out. Get the key, and read the journal. Go back to forest portal. From forest portal, go: 3e, 5n, ne, search. Follow the northern path to the hidden cemetery. In the northwestern part of the cemetery is a tomb. Enter the tomb, unlock the door. go down to the crypts. In the southern part of the crypts is a wight. kill it and get the key it carries. Go to the northern wall of the crypts, where you'll find a door about 1/2 way along the wall. Unlock the door. Go north and kill Tireena (12k). (25)

45) Larissa's Thingy: (this is wrong now, Mischief added another room and item that you need to make the thingy). vortex, 2e,s,e,n,get letter,n, kill adam, (go back and identify tools), pick lock, kill burglar, get crowbar, pry crate, get dynamite, ring doorbell, climb stairs, exa keyhole, get key, open door, clean fixture, open drawer, get screwdriver, open right door, d, remove screws, remove grate, get key, search cabinet (twice - first time is soap, 2nd is wire), jump trampoline, unlock trunk, open trunk, peruse titles, read book, step stairs, n, search utility drawer, get glue, 2s, say backdoor (combination), w, open closet, enter closet, search papers, get scroll, out, e, 2n unlock backdoor, enter 9 3 2 2, open backdoor, exa tree, exa hole, put dynamite in hole, light dynamite, door (until after the dynamite explodes, if you stay there you die), open door, get root, door, read scroll... give shiny thingy to larissa.(25)

46) Nuke: You read the documents carefully, and discover that the test site is just north of Detroit. Wass spills his guts and tells you he hid the keycard at the test site in the tent.

Wass mumbles: We'll show em...fire that nuke...
He also tells you that the code for the launch is "10.22.74"
Science/enter/u/4n/d/9n/8e/se and you'll be near an oasis. Enter the oasis where you can and search. Kill the sludge. Search again and go down. Go all east once inside and then south. Kill the bandits and the soldier. Search desk. Peruse papers. It should tell you where the test site is. (this changes ALL the time. Make sure you're looking for the right one.) then go south and kill the soldier there. Search his desk and get the key. Go to the doors in the eastern hallway and enter the middle one. Take the soldier hostage and he'll tell you where he hid the keycard. Find the secret door leading south in the main hall (should be before all the marked doors and is listed in the long room description). Search on the staircase for another key and unlock the next door. In the next hallway there's a door leading north. That's the computer room. Go to the test site that you read about and search around for the passkey (sit on hole to find it). When you get it go back to the computer room. Look at the wall and the plug, then plug the computer in. Insert passkey and then type the code. (I think you need to find the radio officer upstairs and take him! hostage to find the code). (25)

47) Spire: First go to wforest, 1e, 2s and talk to grus. Talk to him about war etc and eventually ask him about spoils. He'll give you a cube. In the tundra in northern fantasy is a room (5 or 6s, 5 or 6 e of portal ice) where there is a 'shadow' in the room descrip. Exa or search the shadow and you get the spire before you. Enter spire. Be sure to exa/search lotsa stuff in this area. Map the spire out real quick, be sure not to 'get' anything yet. This could get you stuck. Do not attack stuff until the thing at the end, you don't need to. Ok, from the base go up once, search the walls, etc. here and you'll find a piece of bark, get bark, it falls, you see symbols on the step, exa them, and write them down. In the room with the bird/man, talk to him, he will eventually start looking down at a lever, but he is too prideful to ask you for help, pull the lever, you get knocked into the se corner. Search around in here, you get a piece of paper that tells you how to enter the room behind the tar-door-circle thingy. In the room with the man being turned into a plant, trace the symbols you found on the step into the blood and he will spell out 'VOLUNTEER'. In the room with the machine and skeleton you can find a pipe on the machine. Put the cube in the pipe, it runs, and then you can get the plant from the skeleton's chest. In a room just up and east from the tar-door, a plant loads on the floor. After you go through the tar-door and talk to the guy in here for a long while, you will find his name to be Michael. After this you can go and get the plant, a guy will walk in, and he won't let you go out until you give the name of the plants father (michael). As you have learned Michael wants his daughters back. Give the 2 plants to him. He will then say you have his protection in the Spire. Go all the way to the top. Here, simply 'volunteer'. After a long wait you will be in the room with a thing with name = the symbols you saw earlier. Bow to thing. Should be done. (25)

48) Whodunit: Chaos/enter/3s/all south/out2/s. Go all s/e to the courtyard, then find the front door. Search mat for the key and let yourself in. Wander around inside and kill each mob in there except the butler and the ghost of Body. Each person will have an item, and search each room until you find a weapon and a room item from each room with a mob in it (some rooms only have 2 items in it). There are some outside too (the rock in the courtyard, the dime in the fountain, and Mr. Grey and a gun in the Gazebo.) The get all of these items and go to Body. There is also a swithblade hidden in one of the secret passages in the corner rooms of the house ("search" to find them). Give Ghost an item from a room, a person, and a weapon. He'll tell you what's wrong. Keep giving him items until you get it right. (25)

49) Silver/Blue: Chaos/enter/n/climb tower/board balloon. First, map the entire area and find the players: Silver, Blue, Gold, Bronze, Grey, Rose, Green, Black (can't reach him yet). It's not that big, and there are no hidden entrances/exits. First go to Silver, n/9w from the balloon docks. Ask him about all the players, especially Green. Find Green, he wanders around, but usually around the balloon docks. Ask him about all the players and the paragons. He'll ask you to get him a Peace Feather before he'll help you more (also ask about armour, nothing to do with the quest, but nice). Go kill a peace and give Green the feather. He'll tell you to ask the paragons about Blue. Wander around saying hi to every Paragon you see. Eventually one will tell you what it saw and give you Hope. Give Hope to Silver and ask him about all the players again. Go talk to Gold (3e, 3s from silver), say help, he'll tell you to go see Bronze (from Gold: 4e, 9n, ne, climb, all up). Wait at the top for Bronze to show up (will take a minute or 2). Say help. Bronze will ask you to go kill Grey (From Bronze, all down, sw, 6s, 3e, n, enter, all d. Kill Grey and head back to Bronze. He'll take you on a flight to see Blue and give you proof. Return to Silver and give him proof. Talk to him and agree to help him kill black. Go 19e, 3s, kill guard, se, kill guard, sw, kill guard, enter, kill Black (let silver tank). (27) (Paragon, Peace, Radiance, Timorous, Swoop, Snare, Shadow, Hostile, Impediment, Dismal, Gloom, Glimmer)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the peace feather. (Peace)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the impediment branch. (Impediment)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the radiance horn. (Radiance)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the hostile pelt. (Hostile)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the snare mud. (Snare)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the shadow material. (Shadow)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the paragon feather. (Paragon)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the swoop eye. (Swoop)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the timorous tail. (Timorous)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the glimmer globe. (Glimmer)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the dismal soul. (Dismal)

50) Van Richten: 
&1n1nw1n1ne1n1nw1n1ne1n10w1s4sw6w1nw2w1sw1w2n1steps1door

&1leave2s1e1ne2e1se6e4ne1n10e1s1sw1s1se1s1sw1s1se1s1enter mist1e1n1portal3e1s1e2s1w1portal6n1e1ne1u



In Fantasy go s/s/sw/w/nw from forest portal and enter mist. kill nightmare, get the phylactery and wear it. 



Then go northward till you get past the sign and can go west. go west till you find van rich, nod to him and go all w then e/s/4sw/8w/nw/n/3w/sw/2w/2n/steps, unlock door. now you need a match: search jacket in main room, it's on the coat rack, get box of matches, and light match. next you need the keys. To get the first is look at stairs, look at banister, look at ball, move ball. go east arch(maybe west, can't remember). in one of the arches there are like 6 aggro dudes, but you can just stop combat on em, in study look at ashes, or search ashes, its in the fireplace. then go upstairs and then go westroom. look at the drawer and move panel or something, then go door eastroom now you need the fetters. open closet in spare bedroom and search closet, get bear. go back to kitchen where the aggros are/were, go to pantrydoor, look at shelves, search shelves, move panel, reach into hole and you should get an axe. leave immediately or a swarm of rats will attack you. then go to door3. immediately go stairs and unlock chest. You should get the dress, then search pile/get shovel/unlock door/door/smash brick. an aggro 40k priest with 3 attacks comes out. you need to get holy water and rites from him. after he is dead and you get the stuff dig in this room and then room with ghost of a man, you should find a skull, if not you need to go back to the front door and go steps, dig there and the room north, when you find skull, ignore the skull for a bit, go back to child, with bear in hand, burn bear, then go back downstairs past the shadow and burn axe, then go to dining room and burn dress, then go back to skull and sprinkle water then SPEAK, must be speak, say won't work, the magic words are from 'peruse rites'. (27)

51) Atlantis: chaos/2w/s/dive in bucket/se/2sw/se/search/n/take bracelet. Then go s/nw/w/n/e and kill the Cyclops. Search bones, get bone and go w/n/e/e/pool/4d/n/portal/breathe/2n/2w/look at the lamppost and the paper, read the notice and go west. Give bone to merdog/search/se/kill mayor/search and get the key. Go nw/3e/2s/e and say quest, say kraken, and say notice. Go palace/n/w/play song/fix key/nw/u/search boxes/get horn. Then go d/se/4e/pull cord/tighten lightbulb/ne/u/say book/say yes/take book. Go d/sw/3w/3n/w/search papers/push button/nw/u and search accessories and get the mirror. From here, go d/se/3e/n/u/w/s and fix photograph then go 2d and get jar. Head 2u/n/e/n and get monkey from tank. Head s/d/s/2w/2s/3e and search gear then get the lasso. Go 3w/s/e/n/d and give book to guard. Go cell/e/nw/e/w/se/s/e/sw/w and then kill medusa, get her head. Go e/ne/w/n/out/u/s/w/2s/w/2n/3e/2n and unlock the gate, go n/e/n search and lasso stalactite. Climb lasso then head n/w and blow horn, hold head, pool and free princess. (30)

52) REMOVED

53) Dragon Egg: go the 1st level of the underdark, on the east side follow the passage south to the vortex that opens to the dragon area. Kill the guardian dragon, then go sw/2w/2n/w/s/w/s/w/n/w/n/w/2n/e/s/2e/n/w/3n/e/n/2e/s/e/n/2e. There you will fight The Guardian of the Future, Tiranor. So named because he protects the dragon egg. You'll have to kill him. He's over 1.5 million (Finger Windward.) Beat him down, somehow. Now go east again, search the nest, get the egg. Run to the rabbit hole where Cae is and give him the egg. (20)

54) Hide And Seek: *Warning: you must have a 30 str when doing this quest!* Chaos/enter/3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/4n/enter. Go 2e/3n/e and kill the brooms. Search wall/move panel/bow down in worship/kill commander and get the jar. 2w/2n/u/2e/d and kill OJ, search plate, get the knife. E/enter/nw/2w/s and open dresser, wear ring, gaze into mirror/s/w and open refrigerator. Go 2e and slide on slide/n/knock on door/kill vinnie/search bed/2d/s/kill tun-gai/e/kill Steve/search devices and get the toaster. Then go w/n/2u/s/2e/se/2e/2n/e and open the refrigerator (if your strength is lower than 30 you won't be able to open it). Go w/2n/u and search carpet. Go nw, make sandwich, give sandwich to Joe and tag Matt. (30)

55) Shadowrun: First: map Atlanta (in science) otherwise you'll get lost.

Find Mr Johnson in Atlanta. He is located 2w, 2n, 2w from the subway entrance.

Speak to him about the quest, then follow these steps:

1. First, get the door remover in the gunshop on the south end of Avery Street by killing the guy in the 2nd room. (subway, 1w, 9s, 2w).

2. Activate the remover in the activator 5n and 4e, d from the subway entrance.

3. Go to the green lightning gang hideout (1w, 7s, 3e, s) and remove the door that is 2 south and up from the entrance. Kill the leader for the passcard. He is 47k, but only has one attack.

4. Activate the passcard in the activator in the north east corner of town. From the subway, 4n, 6e, 2n, e, s.

5. The go down to the parking garage (2e, n from subway) and go down to the 5th sublevel. In the northwest corner of the 5th level insert passcard.

6. Enter and kill the drone. It will die easily. Go past it and get the datachip. Then get out of the garage. 

7. Go and activate the datachip in the 3rd activator, which you have not used yet. It is located 7e from the subway. Then go and give the activated datachip to Mr. Johnson in the bar in the northwest part of town.

8. He will give you 10k coins and the qps.. (30)

56) REMOVED

57) Pub Crawl: I don't know where all of the pubs are. 
Therefore, here is as complete a list as I can provide. 
If you know of others that are not on this list, please 
email me with directions and the name! 
I update my list as often as possible. (35)
Fantasy Pubs (Portals: PR = Road, PC = Wayhaven [City], PF = Forest)
Black River Pub: ??
Blood on the Vine: PF/2s/sw/w/nw/enter mist/n/nw/e/3n/nw/n/ne/n/7w/n/e
Crown's Pub: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/enter south gate/2n/e

Deep Mountain: PF/5w/6s/5e/8s/2w/s/3d/3n/nw/3w/7s/3e/se enter hole/s 
Dragon's Den: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/n/enter town/4n/ne/enter traveler/push 3/leave/n/e
Egon's: PC/12n/leave/8n/5w/2n/path/enter
Elven Spirit: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/n/enter town/4n/ne/enter traveler/push 2/leave/5e/s/w
Golden Nugget: PR/4w/2n/path/gates/5n/e/s/w

Jerusalem Pub: PR/w/2n/u/summon Pegasus/mount/kick/3n/e/2n/enter/4n/3w/pub
Kaynbee: PC/12n/exit/8n/3w/2n/nw/ne/u(harafin)/cave/trace symbol/u/out/e/n/d/4e/2s/w
Lazarian: (????)
Meat Market: PC/12n/leave/5n/15w/nw/w/nw/w/sw/6s/2w/n
Mystic Inn: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/3e/enter city/3s/w 
Pirate's Hole: (????)
Razorin (Swampy Drinks): PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/e/4s/7w/3s/3w/enter city/3s/e/s/2e
Silvermane: PeF, e, 4n, 2ne, 3s, e, 2s, e, s
Sleeping Dragon Pub: (????) 
South Face Tavern: (????)
Tabard Inn: PC/12n/leave/8n/3w/n/enter
Tall and Short of It: PC/5e/5n
Tavern of the Catacombs: PR/7e/n/d/n/e
Tavern, Razed: (????)
Titan's Tomb: PC/15e/leave/3s/w/board/2s/9e/2s/e/9s/e
Troll Fodder: PR/w/2n/enter/3n/w/4n/2w/2s
Underdark Pub: PF/5w/6s/5e/8s/2w/s/3d/s/3e/enter/n
Wayhaven: PC/8e/3s/se/4s/e
Winter's Haven: PR/4w/enter/3w/2n

Chaos Pubs (all directions from vortex)
Bacchus: erratio forest/search for fairy/chase fairy multiple times/sleep/gate/5e/2n/2e (cloak of the poet is at ivory bench, 5e)
Barker's Bar: 3e/2s/2e/n/9e/n
Burdog Saloon: 3w/5s/e
Crydee Village Pub: 4w/e/s/w/s/2e/u/2n/2d/enter/s/2e/4n
Dolen's Inferno: 3e/2s/2e/n/8e/3n/rent/sleep/dream (drops you randomly, find the scummy alley)/u
Gug Butcher Shop: (????)
Kyoto: Find the Strange Boy that wanders Chaos. 'trace symbol' then go left/right/forward/forward/forward/forward/left/forward/right/forward
Moe's Tavern: Find the TV that wanders Chaos. Enter tv/3w/enter
Reservoir Pub: 2e, 2s, sw, 2s, w, n, w, 2s, 2e, s, 2e, s, 3e, s, 2e, n
Revelwood Pub: 3e/2s/2e/4n/break arch/say land/w/2nw/n/say aliara/climb vine/2u/sw/nw/w/u/2e/sw/se
Roadhouse Bar: 4w/e/s/w/s/read book/3e/5n/3w/n
Soda Jerks: n/shop
Starbucks: 3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/3n/3w
Tea Shop: 2w/4n/gate/3w Tropical Tavern: 3e/2s/e/n 
The Undersea Pub: 3w/s/dive in bucket/d/se/2sw/se/search/n/take a bracelet/s/nw/ne/nw/e/pool/4d/n/portal/breathe/2n/4e
Willie's Waterhole: 3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/2n/4e/2n/3e

Science Pubs (all directions from inside portal)
Angel's: (????)
Bar Car of the Musicland Express: u, 2e, d, board train, out, 2s, d, w, d, enter
Bill Bond's Tavern: u, 3n, d, board train, exit, w, u, w, 5s, 9sw, 4w, n
Camazot Distilery: u/4n/d/n/2e/10n/enter/2w/n/kill man/enter tent/
Dead Hawaiian: u/2e/s/d/board train/out/u/2w/2n/w 
Deevers: 2u/board shuttle/out/4w/4n/enter shuttle/out/5w/d/2w/sw/nw/n/nw/n/nw/n/ne/enter/s
Grav Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/s/w/enter pod/2u/2e
Hard Rock Cafe: (????)
Minklink Moon: (????)
Mos Eisley Cantina: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/n/w/enter pod/3n
Spacing Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/n/enter pod/d/e/n
Syderman's Drink Shop: u/2e/n/board train/out/n/2d/s/ne
Techno Karyoke Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/4s/board shuttle/exit/2n/enter train/leave/s/u/w/n/w or close by.
Ten Forward: science/2u/board shuttle/out/4w/2d/s/e/enter pod/beam
Zero-G Club: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/4d/2n/2w


58) Scavenger Hunt: I can only give hints at how to do this quest. Look in your guild box/equipment room, look at Cancer's, and watch the auction line. Each list is randomized and some of the items are so bizarre that you might never find them. Make sure you watch capitalization. The item MUST match EXACTLY as it is on your list. (35)

59) REMOVED

60) REMOVED

61) REMOVED

62) 

Far off to the southwest you can see land.


1 - Captain's Bed - all aft, starboard door.

2 - Break Table - all aft, 1 fore, starboard door.

3 - Officer's Quarters - Armoire Downstairs

4 - Books in Library

5 - Loot Body of woman - all aft, port door.

6 -



glasses - search chest in guest quarters

Chest with latch = keys



Hidden Treasure: Fantasy/city portal/12n/exit/7n/8east/shore/n/2ne/swim vessel.
You need 6 pieces of parchment, glasses, and to climb the mast and scan horizon
to see where to sail. 
Mobs are around 20-30k. The glasses: (from entry point) 5 aft/enter starboard 
door/pry panel (several times). 
The parchment pieces: (from entry point and then in order from each previous piece)
: 4 aft/enter port door/search chest (several times)/search false bottom/out/enter 
starboard door/search cabinet/out/all the way fore/search figurehead/kill mermaid
/get all. 
Now go to the lower deck (3 aft and down). Go 2 fore/enter port door
/kill wraith/search basket/out/2 aft/kill shadow/get all/aft/enter starboard door
/search beds. Arrange the pieces, wear the glasses, go all the way to the top 
and kill the captain, steer the ship till you hit land and then look at the map 
to find out where to go to dig. (40)

63) REMOVED

64) Kimlark: Fantasy/forest portal/3e/se/4e/n (go to Kimlark).
3w/4s/look at cliff, go u/2s/u/3w/n/u/w/3n/w. Kill guards, 
look at the oil painting then enter it. Enter cottage and 
request a story from the old woman. Leave the painting and 
go back e/3s/2e and kill the thief. Go ne/n/e. DO NOT GO DOWN
. Kill the guards, search the rocks, and enter the cave. 
Go down and the Gnome Warlord is east (he's major trouble. 
Get help killing him). Get the amulet from his backpack. 
Go back to the oil painting and go north. Move the grate 
and you end up in a maze. Map it. By wearing the gnome's 
amulet most of the other gnomes will let you pass. 
Kill the dragon and get the key, then go se and search dung. 
Go d/3e/s/e/n/e/2s/3e/s/3w/s/2e/s/2w/s. You can't go back north. 
Continue 3e/n/e/s/e and unlock the door, then go north and kill 
the Minotaur. Get the crystal from him. Go s/w/n/w/s/2w/search 
and climb cleft. Go back to the dragon's room and go up. 
Go back to the castle's throne room (2e from the oil painting). 
Sit on throne and place crystal in chest. (40)

65) Miyu: This is the only one I'm providing a map for. Look for a boy wandering around chaos. look at him, type: trace symbol, and you're in the Miyu area.

The directions to this area take a while to get used to: they aren't n, s, e, w. Instead it uses left, right, forwards, backwards, and the orientation depends totally from what direction you entered the room from. You'll get used to it. Go to H on the map. Search houses, enter house. Once inside house, search debris. You'll find a mirror, which the boy in the house will take. Kill boy, get mirror. Also look at the picture on the wall here. Go out, and go to L on the map. Search the records, and you find a diary. Kill the boy here (he takes the diary before you can).Read the diary.. it gives some history to the quest. Go to T.. this is where the vampire Miyu is. Go back one space from her. Drop all your gear. Then go back into the temple. Say hi, and she asks if she can bite you. Say yes, then type: bite me. She bites you, and reduces you to 1 hp. When she bites you, she also makes you drop everything you were carrying, and she takes it. This is why you drop your stuff in the other room. Heal yourself. get your gear, and then go to the Armor (marked A on map). Look at the mirror. Use mirror. Type: use mirror on armor. Then kill the armor. This armor is tough... but you can't kill it at all unless you use the mirror on it first, and have been bitten by Miyu. When Armor is dead, sever head from corpse. get head. Go back to H, enter house, place head in picture. (40)

66) Ravenloft2: Ok the first part of the quest is you have to kneel at donavich (assuming you know where donavich is, just ask if you don't) Get all the stuff. Then you have to find the gypsy in the forest west of Barovia. Then at the gypsy kill the golem, and open the door. Don't nod to the gypsy, pray. She will port you to another area. Only one per reboot gets it. You are on your own. You also have a time limit: the hour-glass. Go: enter/e/s/w/search organ/w/s/e/get invitation/w/n/e/e/n/w/w/ne/se/e. Watch the wedding and killing until it says that you remember the relics and have to get them quickly before Strahd does. Go: w/nw/sw/enter/e/e/e/e/get all Kill Strahd as fast as you can, then go all the way west and pray. (40)

67) Covenant: Chaos/enter/4w/e/s/w/s/read book. You're now in the Covenant area. go w/turn doorknob/search cabinet/take knife/5e/3n/1e/1ne/2e/2n/kill guard/enter/search bar/out/2n/w/2n/w/search box/e/2s/3w/2n/w/kill nurse/search cabinet/e/7s/e/ne/8e/w/sw/5w/kill all the snakes/immobilize leg/stop circulation/sterilize knife/cut swelling/suck poison/keep token/out/e10s/3w/n/w/n/d/3e/enter pipe/e/d/enter hole/nw/2n/1w/kill snake/enter crack/nw/2n....all the way to the end, then d/3n/e/4n/2w/2s/1w/3n/3e/1n/1w/3n/6w/2s/1e/1n/2e/1s/1e/1s/2w/1n/1sw/1s/1e/2s/1se/1s/1e/2s/1se/1s/1u/5w/1u/1s/1e/1s/w/unlock drawer/take ring/wear ring

68) Mortal Kombat: In tencho, Chaos, 3w, 5n, gate. Go to the tea shop, 3w from gate, say paper. Go 3e, 3n, 2e, s, alley, search, d, e, sw, e, say kode words from paper and you will receive a ring. Go back to the gate and go 2w, n, alley search, d, n, e, n, w, kill whatever is there, get key. Go back to the gate and go 2n, 2e, 3s, 1w, alley search, d, e, ne, se, sw, kill Kosugi, say kode words and you will receive a medallion. (all mobs are 6-10k here) Go back to the gate and go back to the chaos vortex. Go to booknook, 4w, e, s, w, s, 3e, enter. ne, press play, wait, 2w, 6n, w, kill Cyrax (15k), free ninja, get shard. Go back to Tencho, go 2w, 2n, e, ally, search, d, follow until you get to the pit (can be crossed if crystal is in inventory), go n to cross and get to Goro (46k). Exa goro, say amulet, kill goro. Take amulet. Continue north until you get to portal, enter portal, archway, stairs, up, you find Tsung. Smash amulet, sit back and relax and watch the fight. (45)

69) The Secreet of Nimh: chaos, 3e, 5s, press play.
Go south, search fence, exa haze, enter haze. 
Wander around the field until you find a cement block and enter it.
Talk to Mrs. Brisby and ask her about Timmy. 
She'll give you a piece of paper to take to Mr. Ages.
Go s, all w, n, w, all n. Climb the harvester and squeeze 
through the cracks and find Mr. Ages. Talk to him about 
Timmy and tell him how badly ill he is. Give him the 
list of paper and he'll tell you to find a piece of wire or tubing.
The tubing is the in se room of the Brisby house where all the 
kids are (exa window/curtains, search window/curtains). 
The wire is in the flower bed by the house (search flowers).
Give the wire or tubing to Ages and he'll give you a packet 
of medicine to give to Ms. Brisby. Give Mrs. Brisby the medicine 
and she'll direct you to Auntie Shrew. Find here wandering the fields.
She'll tell you to find the Great Owl. Go to the Mill south of the 
fields and talk to Jeremy...he'll tell you that he'll take you if you
bring him some sparklies (there are a total of 4): Penny - search 
weeds s/e or s/2e of where you start or in the potplants on the 
porch of the farmhouse, Quartz - go all s in the field, all w, 
e search lane, Glass - se corner of the field, search ground, 
Foil - first room of the mill, search holes/search river/search water.
Give them to Jeremy until he accepts one. Ride him to the Owl. 
Owl tells you to find the rats and to tell Nicodemus to move to the 
"lee of the stone". Return to the fields and find the rosebush by 
the house. Push thorn to get to the rats. Talk to Brutus about 
brisby and Nicodemus and he'll tell you to talk to Ages. 
Talk to Ages to get proof and return to Brutus, he'll tell you to 
push top corner to get in. Go down, search soldiers to reveal Justin. 
Go south to the elevator and search around, return to Justin and ask 
about the lantern and he'll tell you to stamp floor to go down. 
Talk to Jenner and Sullivan about brisby and jonathon and they will 
take you to Nicodemus. Talk to Nico and tell him lee of the stone 
and accept his offer to take out Dragon the cat. As soon as you get 
to the hole, run n and 2e (i think) to the food bowl and "drug food" 
and return to the hole. You'll get caught and put in a birdcage. 
exa/search papers, sweater, thread, pull thread. Kick water tray 
to get out. Tie thread to get down. Then kill Sullivan and then 
Jenner (jenner is no-leave, about 40k). Take the amulet and give 
it to Brisby. (45)

70) REMOVED

71) Boomer Crisis: (50)

72) Cernunnos: Go to the Wayhaven library and look up Cernunnos and runes. Go north and east of Wayhaven and find the druidic stones there (you'll be able to go up), in the center of the stones there's a stone, get the stone look at it and rub it. Kill this incarnation of Cernunnos - Cernunnos is the Celtic leader of the hunt. Okay, now go to the Cernunnos area (east forest portal/e/4s/w/2s/w/s there's a priest somewhere down there. Get into the forest and climb to the top of the hill (you'll notice the path you follow runs in a circle, keep trying to go directions into the circle to go up the hill). To get out of the forest you'll have to find a path at the bottom of the hill that leads south back to the entrance, it'll be hidden as well. Go to the top of the hill, look at the runes on the stones you pass and try and make head or tales of them. At the top of the hill you'll have to rub your stone again and fight an incarnation of Cernunnos, this time though you get a sword and helmet when you kill him. Then you gotta figure out wtf the symbols mean and do something to finish the quest. Don't try leaving the area. After you rub the stone at the top of the hill the Hunt begins, and you'll be fighting tons of dumb mobs, hacknslash is 10/10. (50)

73) Ring of Power: Go to the zoo in chaos. From Da Void, it's n, w, n, and then search around a bit.. it's near the hide and seek quest. Enter the zoo, go 3n into zookeeper's house. Move the rug and get the key to open the drawer in his desk. Get the journal and read it all. Go s, 4w, s, sw, w, kill polar bear, get feather. Go e, ne, 4n, enter tree, kill lion, get horn. Leave the tree, go 2s, nw, w, kill panther, get tail. Go e, se, s, enter house, kill zookeepers. Clean mirror, gaze mirror. You are transported to place with a maze. Now, make sure you have plenty of healing... lots of maze guardians that don't hit hard, but there can be lots of them. Also make sure you have something to mark your way through the maze or you will be terminally lost! Enter the maze. You will soon find that directions don't correspond: so that if you go left to get to one room, if you then go right you probably won't end up back where you began. So mark the rooms and work out the directions. There are 15 rooms total. When I did it, the directions to the end were: forward, forward, left, left, backwards, left, left, backwards, left, left, forward, right, forward, and you should be at castle. Don't enter the castle yet! Search stone, go down, kill dragon (68k). Put horn in conical hole, put feather in oblong hole, put tail in cylindrical hole, get ring of power. Then go up. If you need healing go back, else enter castle, go up, kill wizard (he's fairly nasty, but not TOO bad, 71k), enter crack, melt ring in lava. (55)

74) The Project: Enter Science, u/4n/d/2n/11w/nw. Go a couple north and west until you see a compound (it's a small area, so it won't take you long to find it). Enter the compound and then go all the way north to the shuttle to Mars. There is a messenger here that you can speak to. Ask him about Mars and mines and stuff. Go to the shuttle, enter it and go to Mars. On Mars you're inside a large covered colony. Map it. The shuttle is in the most north eastern part of the colony. The areas aren't really very big, so it won't take you long to map it. From the shuttle, go:2 sw, w, sw, w, d, 2w, sw, nw, n, nw, n, ne, n, enter massage parlor. You can speak to the woman at the back by the stairs. Go up the stairs and into a room with a woman in it. If she has a passcard then kill her and get it. If she doesn't then you'll need to look around on wandering workers for one (correct ID Badge will have a small security symbol on it, I found it upstairs in the bar in the north of the plaza, think it was search bed, but moves around). Leave the massage parlor, go back s, sw, s, se, s, se, then go: sw, 2s, and into the large plaza area. Wander around here until you find a tourist with a camcorder. Kill them and get it. You'll need the camcorder to record what you see down in the mines. In the north east part of this plaza is the news office, where you'll need to take the info you get to solve the quest. Find the secret genetics lab. From where you entered on the shuttle, go: 2sw, w, nw, n, w, and use the elevator to go down. Wander about in the mines until you find a door with a card reader. You'll need to use the passcard that you got to open the door and enter the lab. If you can't find the door in these mines, then try the mines on the surface of the planet. First buy an environment suit from the shop in the south east area of the plaza. If you leave the colony without it then you'll die. Wear the suit! Then go to the airlock in the sw area of the plaza, and go out on to the surface of the planet. From here, go: 5w, 2n, e (hidden exit)and into the mines here. Once you enter the lab, immediately attack the scientist here(Dr. Gnolwright - he is no leave, 50k)). Kill him. He'll summon orderlies to attack you, so if you have some sort of calming power then use it. Once he's dead, then go east into his office. Search through the computer stuff. Search disks until you find one that looks important. Get disk. Then go back west, n to a pit. Look at the pit full of bodies. Start recording on the camcorder (the description tells you how). Stop recording again. Then go back to the news woman in the plaza in the colony. She'll immediately take the objects that you have. (55)

75) Rutha-Al. (60)

76) Megatech: The new Megatech is a lot harder then the old one. You have to go from the subway, u,4w,3s,all w, kill enforcers, n, 2w, n, kill enforcers open door, west, free man, and talk to him. He'll give you a card and tell you about bob, now you go back to the subway, go u,5n,3e,5n,w,n,2w,4n then enter, and look at the stove, walls, and stuff. It will tell you to turn one of them (it changes) or turn knob, or turn handle, but if you turn the wrong one, a hole will come. If you enter the hole, you'll die. You should find a down exit, go down and show the card you got from the man you freed and he will give you a bunch of passkeys. Now, from level 300-450 you have to use the passkeys. In each room you have to 'search', and in some you find a panel. One should say just that it's black, but the one you want to find is the one that is long, and it has '[ready]' on it. Now when you find the [ready], insert the lowest number of the passkeys you have (should get a 3,5,7,10) and so on. On level 300, use passkey 3, and on level 350 use passkey 5 and such, this is the hard part. Anyway, once inside, the directions are approximately: for level 50->100, all east, all s, should be like 3 or 5n, then go west. For level 100->150 all east, all south, (sw corner) 2e,all north, e, n. For level 150->200 w,n,6e,s,w. For level 200->250 2e,s,10w,10n,e,2sfor level 250->300 4n,e,s and all the levels after 300 you have to find the panel, and that's different for each person. 'search' in each room for them and you'll find panels in some. Look at panel and when you see a [ready] insert the correct passkey (lowest one that you have) check the numbers by look at front of passkey. On floor 500 go all west to Ancient Western dragon and kill it. Go west again and kill Arnold Hesler. (65)

77) Red Death: (65)

78) Prismatic Jewel: (70)

79) Seahaven: (70)

80) Kill Bahamut: Note: Pay attention to what is said by the dragons as they die. Starting from forest portal go 3w/2sw/4s/5e/7s/2w/s (you are in underdark shed). Head 3d/3n/ne/d (first room of 1st level maze)/4e/s/e/n. Here is the black dragon. Kill it and get tooth, then head 2s/e/s/2e/3s/search/vortex/up till you get past the dragon. Kill the green dragon and get tooth. Head d/vortex/n/2w/n/3w/2s/2w/n and kill the white dragon, then get tooth. Go s/2e/n/2e/n/e/s/2e/2n/2w/n/w/n/w/n/w/s/w/s/2e. Kill the blue dragon and get the tooth before heading 2w/n/e/n/4w/u/sw/nw/3w/10s/se/ne/e/u and then search until you get the illusion stuff. climb north and kill the red dragon, get tooth. you now have all the teeth, you only need catalyst now. Go back to the portal and go 5n/nw/3n/3e/se/ne/d/4e/s/e/s/e/s/2e/2s/2w/s/e/2s/2w/n/e and kill the dog if it's there before heading d/n/2e/s/2e/n/w. Kill Gor Shirek and get the catalyst. Trace your way back to first room of the maze (just reverse above dirs. till you are there) and go u/sw/3s/3u/n/2e/n/4w/3n/w and give all the teeth and the catalyst to shamus. Kill shamus. When you attack, Bahamut pops in. When Shamus is dead get the dragon slayer from corpse and wield it, kill Bahamut with it. (73)

81) Mira: Make sure this quest hasn't already been solved this boot. Go to the eforest portal, 6w, enter to get to Mira's house. Arya Flower

Witch Doctor says: I once had the crystal of Tapan but it was stolen.

Last I heard it was in the possession of some tower guard up north in the tundra---crystal is on ghalein or puddlum in medlar? (pt road portal,3e,4n,path,w,w,nw,n,n,ne is puddlum) You will find the snake in the possesion of the Snake Demon. The Demon is hard to find but its large animal-like tracks will give away its location.
ingredients : water, blood of a mosquito, bill of a toucan, tail of aniguana, forked tongue of a snake, fangs of a tarantula, the crystal of Tapan
Find the gardener and kill him so you can get the shovel, he has a rope as well some boots so grab that too. Check the Sailors at the ferry, sometimes they will have chains that you can use as well. The head to Tapan (from city portal: 7w/8s/3e/pay ferryman Tapan) and then map Tapan when you get there. Don't enter the river. Find a monkey and kill him (make sure he is carrying vines because you need them, don't have vines some boots). From the ferry, go 2s/4w and climb the cliff, search the nest, and get the chain. Look for a tooth at the following locations: a) 3e from ferry (search sand), b) 2e/2s from ferry (search bones), or c) 2e/5s/2e/2s from ferry: look at cliff, climb down, enter caves, and search remains. Don't take anything else. After you have the chain and the tooth type: make necklace with tooth. Wear the necklace. Go back to the temple (2e/5s from ferry). Try to enter the temple and the guard will ask for a password. It is one of the following: Zeilik, Levtar, Rao (found in Wayhaven Library). Once inside the temple, go east and pick up the tea leaves (and nothing else you greedy bastard!). Leave the temple and go n/w into a hut. Search pottery and get the flower pot. From the temple guard go e/3s and search for a hidden exit. Map this area too. Look out for the crocodile. Find the witch doctor and read the book. It will tell you what you need. The Tapan Crystal will be in one of three areas. One of them is Rastafan's maze on the two-headed troll, one is on a guard in the icelands north of Wayhaven. Give the tea leaves to the witch doctor so he can tell you what color snake needs to bite you. THIS IS IMPORTANT!!!! Write it down, carve it into your head, remember it and keep it in your fucking head! Find the snake demon (secret exit along the west coast of Tapan). Kill the snake demon and search around for another exit. There will be lots of different colored Tapan snakes. type 'kill snake' where color is the one the witch doctor told you. IF YOU ATTACK ANY OTHER COLOR SNAKE YOU WILL DIE. After getting the potion, shovel, pot and vine cross the river at the river crossing (you ARE mapping, right?). Go all south and kill the spirit. You'll find the protector. Type sprinkle protector and knock the guard out then go south. Drop everything except the pot, vine, and shovel. Climb the tree, climb the branch and then tie the vine on to the branch and climb down. 'dig up flower' and go back to Mira. (80)

82) Perplexus: OK, as the quest description says, go to Angelo, and look for the angel. From the west gate of Wayhaven (which is 12 west of the Wayhaven portal) go: 7n,14w,2s,bow (to Led), s, and you're in Angelo. Kill the guards on the main road here, and get the key. Go west, and into the guard outpost. Kill the guards, search around, there's a trapdoor under the table. Move the table. unlock trapdoor, open, go down... follow the tunnels, killing cockroaches as you go. Where the tunnel forks, ignore the route to the troll, and go the other way (east). A few east, where the tunnel ends, you have to enter something or do something like that, and you'll find the angel. Speak to her.. use keywords like 'hello', 'help', 'Perplexus'...and anything else that comes up. She'll tell you that to find out more, you have to speak to the old wise elf. And she'll tell you that he lives in the mountains to the north. If she still has it, she will give you a holy avenger sword (useful for killing the evil elf king later). Leave the tunnels, and back out onto the main road, while you're in town, have a look around: a couple south and one east of where you are, there's a statue of Perplexus... this is really Perplexus who has been turned to stone. Go back west, and a couple south along the main road, until you can't go any further. There's a strange wall to the west. 'push wall' and you'll end up behind it. Go 3 west, 2s and enter the tower, or castle, or whatever. Go 2 east, 3s, kill the 3 guards. Go 3 up, north, kill Goliath. Search painting, and you'll find a back room. There's Armor of the Dragon here (unbreakable, +3 strength), and 'quillions' which is part of the sword of Perplexus. Make sure you get this item! Go: out, s, 3d, 3n, 3w (back to tower entry). This time, go 2 west, 3s,m kill guards, 3u, n, kill Kargile. (this guy is a bit tougher than Goliath). Move plaque, and you'll enter a back room, this time you'll find the amulet of Perplexus.. keep this! To get back to town, go: out, 3d,3n,2e, leave,2n,4east. Head about 6 north (until you can't go any further), and you'll be out of town. From here, you need to get to the northern mountains. The direct route, I think, is:7e,6n. Or, from the west gate of Wayhaven, it's: 3 west,12 north, 4west, north. Once you get to there, 'climb' twice. Go s, w, n, w, n, kill lich. The lich should have the handle for the sword. Keep the handle! Go s,e,directly south for a few...somewhere here you go 2d, kill golem, go n to cave kill Mamakin. 'enter gap' get the blade, and you have the 3 components for the sword! DON'T make the sword yet!!!! As if you have to drop it or give it to someone, it vanishes, and the quest is ruined. Go out, s,2u,n, go east as far as you can, until you find a tree... climb rope., e, u, and speak to Elistan, who will tell you more info about where the wise elf is. If you're not carrying the holy avenger sword, that the angel had, then he won't tell you much, but that's OK. Go 2e,2d. There's a bedroom to the south. Look at the dresser.. there are 5 drawers. Search all the drawers (search drawer1, search drawer 2 etc.). You should find a diary (read this.. gives you more info) and a key. Go north out of the bedroom again. There's a door in the floor: open door and go down. Go west and speak to the queen (don't remember her name) she'll tell you a little more about where the wise elf lives, and also tell you to ignore any messages saying he's not in. Go west, n,d, out,w,4s,about 15 east, till there's a house to the north. Go north. There's a sign saying that the wise one's out... ignore this and unlock gate (with the key from the dresser) enter the house. kill the guards, go north to an empty room. search fireplace, move brick, get crystal. Touch crystal (must be in this room), and the wise elf (Yeltor) will appear. He'll tell you what to do for the quest, if you talk to him. He tells you to go see the scout in the village. Leave by going south a few times, and you'll end up back at the main path. Go back about 2 west, till there's a road to the south. Go south, east, ring bell, and the scout will come. say help, say quest, and he'll ask you who sent you... say 'Yeltor' Then he'll ask you to show him an item of Perplexus... show him the amulet. He'll tell you to nod when you're ready. Now this is the good bit: only one person is supposed to be able to get into the gray elves tree at a time... but once he's been shown the amulet, anybody can 'nod' and be allowed entry. So you can take a tank with you, to fight the creatures you have to fight. nod, and you'll be escorted into the back room. Go d, 2e,ne,4e,u,e (kill, or ignore the gray elves along the way). You're at the entry to the gray elves' tree. As mentioned in Elistan's diary, there's some twigs by the door. (look at the panels to the left and right of the door). Now, if you get the combo wrong, then you may be roped up by your feet, and you need a knife of some sort from one of the monsters in the area to cut the rope, otherwise the only way out is to quit. If this happens, you lose everything. So: before you try the combo, drop all your gear! Especially the quest items. If you get strung up then you can quit but you have to come back and start over again. If the door opens, and you don't get roped up, then get all your gear, and enter the tree. Go east, to a major intersection of tunnels. Now according to Elistan's diary, you have to put something in a large bowl, to open another door. From the intersection, go se, and follow it south. Search rags and you'll find an elf. talk to him a bit using key words. he'll reveal that if you place a stone in a bowl to the south, then you can take a rock from a room to the north, and drop it (he doesn't say where to drop it). Go back to the major intersection of tunnels. This time go ne, east for a few. There's a set of tunnels forking off: ne,e,se In each of these rooms is a priest. In each case, kill the priest, search the altar, and get the precious stone. You should have a ruby, and emerald, and a sapphire. Go back west, sw, to the major intersection. There is possibly a trap to the south, so drop your gear here. Just take the ruby with you. This time take the south corridor... look at markings on the wall. They will show what gem has to go in what bowl. Go north.. if you have done the bowl bit wrong, you'll fall into a pit and have to quit. Go north.. collect your gear. Go about 3 north, to the end of the corridor. Kill the skull. Go west: a room on some sort of springs... interesting, but you don't know what to do... Go back 2 east, a room with a rock in it. Now that the ruby's in the bowl, and you have both other gems in your hands... you should be able to lift the rock. Go back to west to the springy room. Make sure both you and your tank are in the room. drop the roc and! the spring floor will drop, and deposit you in another room. Go west, kill the priests. Look at fountain. look at skull. Swivel skull. A secret door opens to the south. Go south, and kill the gray elf king. Make sure you have a tank! Get the cloak of Perplexus! Go back north.. l at altar, search altar. press switch until a portal opens up. Enter it, and you're back on the trail in the forest, north east of where the scout is. Go back west as far as you can, then go back east one. Go 4 north, east, in, u,s,2u,2w,d,w,d,2w,n,2d (out of the mountains) Go back to Angelo: from here, it should be: 6s,7w,2s,bow,3s,e. here, or around here, is the statue of Perplexus... Holding the 3 pieces of the sword: handle, blade, and quillions, type: make sword, and the ego sword is made. type: place sword. type: place cloak type: place amulet and, the statue will come to life. (75)

83) Pyron: (75)

84) Dragon Knight: Go to the Portal of Life. From forest portal it's: 3w, 2sw, 2s, 2e.Good luck trying to map it. The area is dotted with following wyverns, which aren't hard to kill. Object: free the queen from being entombed in stone. To do this you need 5 colored orbs that you get from killing the dragon knights, and the Staff of the Positive Plane to kill the High Cleric who guards her. You also need a hexagonal key and an octagonal key to get to her. OK, go to green keep, kill guards (easy), n, e, search hearth, get rusty key,w, n, ne, 2u, n, push stone (on pillar), get red key. Ignore all other items here. Go to blue keep, kill guards, n, w, search hearth, unlock door (with rusty key), hearth, search look at brick, l at symbols, push stone/button, get green key. Go back to green keep, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with green key, n, there is a dragon knight here. Wait for a minute and he will turn into a green dragon and attack. Kill him (he's not too hard). Get the green orb. Never wimpy from a dragon knight or demons come and attack you, and they are annoying. Go to the 'wiz tree'. There is something in the description about an odd tree here. Search, turn knob, enter, u, and you will see an elven wizard. Say help, and he will give you a rainbow amulet. Wear this. Go to red stronghold. kill guards, 2n, ne, 2u, n, make sure you're wearing the rainbow amulet, and enter. Make sure nobody follows you in. There is a pillar here. Push stone, get blue key. Leave the room and go down, sw. This time go nw, 2u, unlock door with red key, n, wait till dragon knight turns into dragon, kill him, get red orb. Go to blue keep again, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with blue key, n, and there is a bench here. Lay on bench, dragon knight comes, kill blue dragon, get blue orb. Go to village. Follow the path into the center of the village, and then the wise woman is off to the nw. Go to her, and say help. She will give you a torch. Leave the village and go to white keep. Kill guards, 2n and you see a fountain. Melt ice (need that torch). Get scroll. Go ne, 2u, n, push stone (on pillar) and get black key. Go to black keep. Kill guards, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with black key, n, kill black dragon knight, get black orb. Go s, 2d, ne, 2u, n, kill cleric. Push stone (on pillar). get white key. If you enter the doorway here you will go straight back to white keep. Go to white keep, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with white key, n, kill dragon knight, and get white orb. OK, now you should have all the dragon orbs! You need the more keys and the staff: Go to wyvern nest, climb (up into nest). Kill all 4 wyverns, search nest and you should find the staff of the positive plane. If not, go searching around the cliffs for more nests. You can insert one of the orbs into the staff, but don't try this right now, because you'll lose the orb and will have to go get another. Go to lizard nest. Climb up, kill faerie lizards, search nest and you should find a crystal key. If not search around for more nests.

Hexagonal Key: Go to place marked Temple on map, search bushes, enter, look at murals, move brick, get hexagonal key.

Octagonal Key: The octagonal key is on a courier who wanders in the area. I have always found him in the north east section. Follow him and kill him (easy). Get octagonal key. 

When you're ready for the final assault on the palace, look at the scroll. Chant the words on the scroll and you end up at the cliff where you have to 'search cliff' and go up. Actually, this place is 7n of the portal of life, and you don't need the scroll at all to get there. Go up, n, kill lich, 2 or 3n, till you see a pillar. Unlock pillar (with crystal key) and the drawbridge comes down. Go north and into palace. The palace is basically a square, with a tower at each corner. In each tower is a device you need to unlock (using hex or octagonal key). When this happens the pyramid they were supporting floats to the ground and you can go in to free the queen.

What you do is: from just inside palace, go: w, kill cleric (no wimpy, but he's not too hard), sw, up, kill lich, (no wimpy), u, unlock device. 2d, ne, 2e, kill cleric (no wimpy), se, up, now there is a lich here who won't let you go up. Kill him, and you can go 2u, unlock device, 2d, kill lich, nw, 2n, kill cleric (no wimpy), ne, u, dispose of the lich, u, unlock device, 2d, sw, 2w (past a couple of clerics, but they allow you to wimpy), nw, u, dispose of lich, u, unlock device. Now all the devices are inactivated, and the pyramid should come down. Go 2d, se, e, kill the 2 clerics, 2s, wield the staff of the positive plane, kill cleric. He should vaporize with the first hit. Get out all 5 orbs, look at the stone, and insert orbs. When you do this, the queen is freed, and the quest is done! 

Notes: If you let the lich follow you any further than the base of the tower, then it will stop you leaving and you will have to fight it to the death. The liches take a while to kill, so they are annoying. If you have somebody as a tank in the palace, don't wield the staff of the positive plane until you have to kill the final cleric. If you are wielding the staff then monsters will attack you, even if someone is trying to defend. (80)

85) REMOVED

86) Evil God: If you solve this after they've removed Jack the Ripper, you'll get popped for qinfo. LOSER! (90)

87) REMOVED

88) Balooga Falls: Note: You'll need an anchor. Go to the bridge and knock out the pegs, then grab or hold rope before you knock them out. Go to nyrow. say hi, quest, demons, jobs, angeldemons. 4w/n/e/n/look at painting/look at bench/open bench/get map/look at map. The go s/say hi/say angeldemons/say falls/say barrel/w/s/3w/look at monument. look at base, look at hole (search just to play dumb 3s/5e, say {hi, job, quest, demons, god, false god, gnos, monument} 4w/2n/5w, pray to gnos or just pray. Kill Lars treetop, get all. n/3e/4n/wade into water or wade into river. climb into barrel (you'll get that from Lars). Here is the "quest" part. (look at everything just to play dumb) n/3e, walk between poles. n kill demon (not so hard, 20K I think) Break mirror, n/get all/3s/ walk between poles/4w/nw/3n. kill all guards (EASY) get all/w/n/se/arch and finally search liquid (You get 1 gem). s/e/s unlock door, open door w, free prisoner, open door e/2s/2se/2e/n. kill Caveman and go 2n/climb idol. climb idol and pry left eye (I think it was if not do the other, you take some damage if you pry the wrong one- this is gem 2). Go n/w , say gnos and you'll get hit by water, so you lose ALL HP except one, you don't die, turn off all "panic buttons" before you do this. Turn your "panic buttons" back on and go e/n/step into light. Go n/w kill all, hole, kill all get all, out/2e, jump across (DONT JUMP FOR ROPE, look at it and search it but DONT JUMP FOR IT, you'll get thrown out of the game if you do) climb down, search, get all (gem 3), climb east wall. n door, say 200 (its a riddle you get thrown out of the game if you get the wrong answer), notice the name he says... like "Say hi to blah for me", and notice his name.) 2n/w, get parchment, look at parchment.. (You should do this before anything else) and then afterwards go get the mirror gem and such. search throne, search hand, arm, search left arm rest (and right arm rest) open one of them (I think it was the right), and get gem (4). Go e/2n/ne/e look at skull, look at balls. throw balls at skull. You now get gem 5. Go w/n/nw/w/avert eyes from cage, pull rope, kill gorgon get amm (gem 6) e/n. Say hi, gems demons, gnos, angeldemons. You should go to this guy first too, (after stilts and parchment because he gives you lots of good information, about the room of the kings (throne room). Ok.... Right n is a DEATHTRAP... To avoid it, you should type pray to gnos every round.. He will save you.. BUT if you are lagging... R.I.P. My advice is to trigger this to go every round. Search/get all (gem7)/n/say hi, he will say "I don't talk to strangers". Remember the name at the riddle dude, say Byro n.. He will ask who told you, say Ragorse. Then to let him pass, say false god or quest or something. Right n is a VERY DANGEROUS Hydra, class 120K or something. You have to kill him, but there is a trick that might just work. Try to go north and back s to the manticore, and then n again, hopefully he will let you pass. If not you have to kill him. Go n until you come to a door, search it and search holes. Here is the right sequence you should put the gems in. If not it's been changed: Hole 7=Emerald. Hole 6=Ruby. Hole 5=Sapphire. Hole 4=Diamond. Hole 3=Pearl. Hole 2=Opal. Hole 1=Topaz. Go all n and look at painting. look at EVERY item on the painting. Then finally look at moon. Step through the wall (it will say the correct syntax for you) and get all and say GO you will get transported out to Balooga falls. Find your way to nyrow, (think it's just go n). Then go 6w/3s/6e (You'll be back at the priest). say staff, anchor, and the third item you got. He will say The staff get it's energy from hearts of demons. look at staff. You will notice its base is "screwed" (the hole in the monument is also screwed). So kill ALL 21 demons, carry ALL hearts in your inventory, and go to the monument and type insert staff in monument (or hole). Kill false god. The god hunts so be careful not to drag him to town and let some other asshole kill him. (90)

89) Wayhaven: First: map all of Wayhaven. 
From the portal go: 5e/5s/e and climb stairs to the clerk. 
Present yourself and he'll tell you that you need citizenship.
Enter the stall n/w of portal and buy a guitar. 
Then go to the woman on balcony (6n/2e of portal). 
Serenade woman and receive her message. 
Find the captain of the guard (4s/climb staircase from portal) and deliver message.
He'll give you another message. 
Go back to the woman and deliver the new message. 
She gives you a note, take this to the guild master 
(e/2n/w/enter door/w/present note from woman). 
He gives you guild sponsorship. 
Go back to the clerk and present yourself. 
He tells you to get a bounty hunter's license. 
Go to tintorillos (w/s of clerk) and 'prepare document'.
They'll tell you that you need ink and notarized paper. 
Go to the ink shop (n/w/5n/7e/2n/2e/3n/4w/2n/e from tintorillos). 
Ink master tells you that you need an ink fish 
(w/n/4w/s/kill fisherogre/get rod/catch fish). 
Go back to ink master and buy ink. 
Go to the paper shop (w/n/3w/4n from ink shop) and buy legal bond paper.
Go get it notarized (3w/2 or 3s from clerk). 
There's a sign saying that the notary office is along the Promenade.
You can't get there unless you have a pass so go to the printer shop
(12e/2n/2e/2n/w from portal) and buy pass. 
He'll tell you to go to a forger and 'shimmy on out of here'. 
Shimmy and you'll go up a ladder to the forger. 
He needs special and ink and paper so guess where you get to go again! 
Come back and get your pass. Go back to the Promenade 
(5e/5s/w/3s/3e from portal) and 'notarize document'. 
Go e/n search the dock. Leap to the boat you find, 
free smuggler and he'll take you back and give you an important item.
Go back to tintorillos (see why you need to map Wayhaven??) 
and 'prepare document' by going s of the clerk and typing 'sign document'.
The 5 councilors each need a bribe, and each bribe is different. 
1: a gem (dwarven traders north of portal), 
2) a gladhand (hustler in se section of Wayhaven), 
3) a book on making money 
(Wayhaven library: 7w/3s/2e/2s/u/w from portal. 
Kill everyone, search the shelves and steal book), 
4) a drow tapestry (go to gunpowder shop [s/3e/n of paper shop] and buy gunpowder.
Go to the citadel cannon [4s/2w/3s of portal], light cannon, and climb in cannon.
Go through the citadel and kill the guards. 
Kill the captain and step in haze. 
Kill the guards, climb up, kill more guards, and go west. 
Kill the guards, but not the sergeants. 
Keep heading west, kill the captain, and go west and then north. 
Search a few rooms north and get the tapestry. Give it to the councilor), 
5: silver dragon scale (challenge arena [4n/e/d from portal] 
and challenge the baby silver dragon. 
Kill it and get the scale.) 
Once you have all 5 signatures go back to the clerk and present yourself.
He tells you about the quest. 
Head to the brothel (8e/3s/3e/2n/e from portal). 
Peruse the book and request a whore. 
You need to go the guild HQ (8n/5e/2n/e from portal) and request guild membership.
Buy thread and velvet from the stalls in the bazaar (s/w and s/e from portal) 
and go to the seamstress (12e/2n/2e/7n from portal) where you order a sash. 
Go back to the brothel, order a whore, and pleasure him/her. 
Request the madam and kill her. She escapes through a secret door. 
Search around, go through the secret door, kill her, get the papers and the key. 
Search around to find the exit again. 
Now, go to the chief mugger in the mews (5e/4n/e/3s/e from portal) 
and kill the mugger (who has a dwarf mask). 
Go w/3n/4w/s/e/s and wear the mask to go into the dwarven pub. 
Kill the 5 dwarves that attack you and search the mirror and go down 
through the trap door. Then go n/e and search around. 
Open the door you find with the key you got from the madam. 
Kill the chief mugger who attacks (80k) and then search around to get his seal. 
You also find a secret exit leading you out to a safe place. 
Go back to the clerk and present yourself again. 
As you head to the mayor's office you fall into a well. 
Blow the whistle you got from the smuggler and he'll come and take you to a 
secret entrance. Search the ladder (to disarm a trap). 
Climb up and kill the mayor. (95)

90) Balance: (100)

91) Durskaen: (100)

92) Epic: (100)

93) Keylon Crown: (100)

94) Miritar: (100)

95) Ravenloft:(100) Removed:

73) Vole the Hateful: REMOVED 

Go to Deep Mountain and find the drow translator. Go to level 4 of the underdark maze and get the maul of the titans. Go to the 'open fields' and 'dig' 20 or 30 times in each room until you hear a rumbling sound. It will say you fell into a hole or something, dig until it says you can't anymore. Listen to what you're told and you'll be given a strand of beads. Hang on to this! Go back to level 4 of the maze and listen at the dusty corner until you hear someone mumble something. Make a note of what word is mumbled. Go to the demon spider and kill it. Search the throne and open door, go down and search around. You'll be asked for a password (this is the word you heard mumbled). Keep going and head south at the first intersection you run into. Break beads and watch the show. Note: be VERY careful of the demon spider. If you're lucky you'll get the demon spider carapace from it (a nice piece of armor). (80)
As of now the only areas are fantasy areas. All directions are currently zMUD speedwalk strings.
n 3 Adalius Windraker Manor Fantasy .(portal)7w3ne;.(enter)
n 4 Alayna Winter Wonderland Fantasy X
n 7 Amish The Tomb of Belzer Stonefoot Fantasy X
n 10 Aravan Isle of Bones Fantasy X
n 22 Askye Balur's Cave Fantasy X
n 25 Aztec Guile's Forest Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9nwn8wh
n 26 Aztec Troll Hunter's Cabin Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ej2ne4n;.(enter)
n 30 Bake Shadow Tree Fantasy X
n 33 Bebe Tomb of Almoni Ploni Fantasy X
n 35 Blackstaff and Pull Hobgoblin Cave Fantasy X
n 36 Blazen Desert Nomad Village Fantasy X
n 41 Bran A High Tor Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n2e;.(path)
n 42 Bran Darklynd Park Fantasy .(portal)7w3nwnw
n 43 Bran Faunist Guild Fantasy X
n 44 Bran Forest of Menhirs Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el8es
n 45 Bran Houses of the Wayhaven Rich Fantasy .(portal)7w2n;.(enter)
n 46 Bran Murus Faralain Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w7nwnw
n 47 Bran Tower of Miritar Fantasy X
y 48 Bran and Timescape Serinth Fantasy .(portal)7w8se;.(pay serinth)
n 51 Caalan Jaffa's Lair Fantasy X
n 53 Cailet Askar's Aviary Fantasy X
n 57 Calvin Lleera's Tree Fantasy X
y 59 Casso Aunt May's Cottage Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nw2n;.(enter)
y 60 Casso Portentous Shoppe Fantasy .(portal)7w3s4wn;.(enter)
n 64 Cirrus Sea Cliffs Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)k2sk2lsl
n 65 Cirrus Seahaven Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2ej17nen2en
y 71 Cletus Tower of Arcanarton Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne8n6ws4wk;.(trail)
n 74 Crossbone Chapel Fantasy X
n 76 Crowley Dreamville Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el4es2e4sle
n 77 Damo Desert Palace Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)wk3ws2ws2ws5w2s
n 79 Damo Purana's Cave Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nw7n
n 84 Dayln Nomad Camp Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)wk3ws2ws2wsws;.(path)
n 87 Distortion Casaria Fantasy X
n 89 Distortion Javelin's tower Fantasy X
n 90 Distortion Overlands Fantasy X
n 96 Dozy Desert Caverns Fantasy X
y 99 Druss Abbey of Tyr Fantasy Ravenloft
n 103 Druss Symbearn Crypt Fantasy X
n 104 Druss Tomb of King Alaren Fantasy X
n 105 Druss and Darkfyre Arovian Graveyard Fantasy X
n 106 Dynon Aiden's Tomb Fantasy X
n 110 Eek Gnoll Outpost Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4ne7n;.(path)
n 113 Eek and Beefcake Tower of the Grand Summoner Fantasy X
y 114 Eek and Beefcake Van Richten Manor Fantasy Ravenloft
n 119 Fantasy Frost Giant Lair Fantasy X
n 120 Fantasy Ice Crevice Fantasy X
n 121 Fido Colosseum Fantasy X
n 126 Flaxen Tower of Pak-Tor Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj7nene3n
n 130 Fubger The Libarary of Elandra Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w3nwk
n 132 Ganzie Clear Falls Valley Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nw2n4wh
y 139 Glorfindel Ralintaro's Tower Fantasy X
n 148 Heath Devourer Cavern Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w9nd
n 154 Hobbes Kalaena's Fountain Fantasy .(leave)4w2n2wn;.(enter)
n 160 Indium Jigokudani Fantasy X
n 167 Johnny Desert Ruins Fantasy X
y 168 Johnny Sarkath Khan Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w11n;.(path)
n 169 Joker Elegon's Hut Fantasy X
n 174 Jux Karak's Hut Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n10elej3e;.(enter)
n 175 Karde Rich Mansion Fantasy .(portal)7w3n3es;.(enter)
y 176 Keeble Dragon Knight Fantasy X
n 177 Kelson A hidden crevice Fantasy X
n 182 Kino Witch coven Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n2w3n;.(path)
n 186 Kinslayer Forest of Unicorns Fantasy X
n 188 Kintax Hermit's Hut Fantasy X
n 192 Kohl Alchemy School Fantasy .(portal)7w3sen
n 193 Kohl Azral's Tower Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3n2w;.(enter)
n 194 Kohl Crystal Caves Fantasy X
n 195 Kohl Geloe's Cottage Fantasy X
n 196 Kohl Inyxx Pyramid Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)ene4ne11nw8n
n 197 Kohl and Kintax Elven Woods Fantasy X
n 199 Kohl and Timescape Dragon Isle Fantasy X
n 203 Koronin and Tuesdai Great Well of Crenda Fantasy .(portal)7w3nw8nw
n 208 Lipscom Gamal Islands Fantasy X
n 211 Lockheed Cavern in the Dunes Fantasy X
n 212 Loomer Ganeshan's Pit Fantasy X
n 214 Lorderon Ruined Mage School Fantasy X
n 215 Lostar Ancient Pirate Ship Fantasy X
n 216 Lostar Askar's Manor Fantasy X
n 217 Lostar Isle of Vilanthia Fantasy X
n 218 Lostar Lair of the Ogre Fantasy X
n 220 Lostar Necromancer's Lair Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n2w7n;.(enter)
n 221 Lostar Tower Of The Moon Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w7n5wn2whn
n 222 Machina Bukken Tunnels Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)4e2j2ele;.(hole)
n 226 Manson Harpy Forest Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3j7ej
n 229 Mischief Fort of Torrin Forest Fantasy X
n 232 Mischief Murdock Chicken Plant Science .(enter)u4ndne7n7en12e;.(enter)
n 233 Mischief Snowbeast Lair Fantasy X
y 235 Mischief and Keeble Angelo Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3n10whwhwk4s
y 236 Mischief and Keeble Mount Perplexus Fantasy X
n 237 Mischief and Kintax Tomb of Rutha-Al Fantasy X
y 239 Mischief and Zix Djinni Isle Fantasy X
n 248 Miyurachi Garou Cave Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3j;.(enter)
y 250 Monte Angelo Well Fantasy X
n 253 Morin Naiad Lair Fantasy X
n 254 Morkin Troll Caves Fantasy X
n 256 Mors Community of Demon Summoners Fantasy X
y 259 Mos Balooga Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)ene4ne9n12w
n 261 Mosiah Dryad Tree Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el14e;.(clearing)
n 262 Mosiah Zith-el Fantasy X
n 273 Nanook Tower of Fire Fantasy X
n 274 Nanook Tower of Frost Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2ej17nen3ej
n 275 Nanook and Beast Catacombs Fantasy X
n 279 Olethros Kelon Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n10elej7es
n 281 Olfin Grindur Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9n10w;.(enter)
n 283 Olower Cave Hideout Fantasy X
n 284 Olower Club Chaos Chaos .(enter)3e2s3e
n 286 Olower Sphinx Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)wk13w
n 288 Orthas Drow Exiles Fantasy X
n 289 Orthas Duhal's Ant Caves Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w7nw2nw2h;.(enter)
n 293 Peeron Abandoned Drow Temple Fantasy X
n 294 Peeron Amethyst Tower Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)enenej2ne2n;.(enter)
n 295 Peeron Catapult Crevice Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)enenejn2e2j2nj10n
y 297 Peeron Marble Castle Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ej2n2e;.(enter)
n 298 Peeron Momentory Keep Fantasy X
n 300 Peeron Silversmith Fantasy X
n 301 Peeron Troll Den Fantasy X
y 303 Pfunk Forest of Types Fantasy X
n 307 Pfunk Nogrith Manor Fantasy X
y 308 Pfunk Spire Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j12n;.(enter spire)
n 310 Pfunk Zelligar's Castle Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3w4n;.(enter)
y 315 Pistil Medlar Castle Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)ene4ne11nw2n4w;.(path)
n 317 Pistil Temple of the Zombie God Fantasy Ravenloft
n 318 Pistil Woodsman's Cottage Fantasy X
n 319 Polanna Dragon Isle Fantasy X
n 320 Polanna Heaven Fantasy X
y 321 Polanna Island of Tapan Fantasy .(portal)7w8se;.(pay tapan)
y 322 Polanna Mira's Cottage Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)e2jn2enj;.(enter)
n 330 Rakk Filthy Wayhaven Alley Fantasy X
n 331 Rampage and Vraal Temple of Drackonus Fantasy X
n 333 Rastafan Deep Mountain Fantasy X
n 334 Rastafan Hell Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2njn;.(enter)
n 335 Rastafan Land of the Ice People Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne14n;.(portal)
n 336 Rastafan Mage Tower Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2ej10n;.(enter)
n 337 Rastafan Rabbit Fields Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el8els
n 338 Rastafan Shansabyk's Castle Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el8el2skls4kwhwks
n 339 Rastafan The Abyss Fantasy X
n 340 Rastafan The Dragon Realms Fantasy X
n 341 Rastafan The Drow Kingdom of fe der Shad Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el8el2skls2k
n 343 Razorx The Barbarian Plains Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w4n3ws3w
n 345 Requiem Faerie Glade Fantasy X
n 346 Requiem Theatre of Souls Fantasy X
n 347 Requiem Troll Alliance Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el4es3w;.(in)
n 350 Rumor Dragon Labyrinth Fantasy X
n 353 Rumor The Isle of Ao Fantasy X
n 355 Rumor Tookwich Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nw3nw3n;.(path)
n 356 Rumor Xaxis Fantasy .(fantasy);.(portal)12w;.(leave)wk10w;.(rent carpet)
n 358 Ryft Everlynd Park Maze Fantasy .(portal)7w3nw2n
n 360 Ryft Great Lighthouse of Land's End Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el8e3l3s
n 364 Ryft Temple of Kourlyn Fantasy .(portal)7w3s2ws
n 366 Safeire Spring of Kierlanai Fantasy X
n 367 Safeire Tower of Vindaes Fantasy .(portal)w2s2w
n 368 Safeire Wayhaven Lovers Fantasy X
n 369 Salrylia Abandoned Garden Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)4e2jn2j9en
n 372 Samiel Thistlebeard's Galleon Fantasy X
n 380 Seiger Diamond Mine Fantasy X
n 381 Seiger Fwiffo's Cottage Fantasy X
n 382 Seiger Gargoyle Den Fantasy X
n 383 Seiger Mt. Silvermoon Fantasy X
n 384 Seiger Mt. Silvermoon Graveyard Fantasy X
n 385 Seiger Samantha's Cathedral Fantasy X
n 386 Seiger Sin'Jun's Cave Fantasy X
n 387 Seiger St. Elmo's Grave Fantasy X
n 388 Serpentine Icy Grave Fantasy X
n 390 Serpentine Woodsman's Hut Fantasy X
n 391 Shadow Fire Giant Lair Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)enenejn2e2j2nj3n;.(enter)
n 392 Shadow Shadow Dragon Lair Fantasy X
n 393 Shadow The Plane of Fire Fantasy X
n 394 Shadowlotus Bandit Hut Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n2w;.(enter)
n 395 Shadowlotus Cave of the Snowbeast Fantasy X
n 400 Skeet Gnome House Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2nw8n;.(path)
n 401 Skeet Scorpion Caves Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)11w;.(enter)
n 402 Skeet Teek's Island Fantasy X
n 403 Skinless Kartico's Hovel Fantasy X
n 404 Skinless Orc Tunnel Fantasy X
n 405 Skinless Orc Village Fantasy X
n 406 Skinless Realm of the Marsh Goblins Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el4es4e
n 410 Slick Roc's Nest Fantasy X
n 414 Slister Lost Woods Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n10ele2je;.(grove)
n 415 Slister Prismatia's Cavern Fantasy X
n 419 Solo Ancient Dolmen Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)eles
n 421 Solo Zosimus's House Fantasy X
n 427 Stelari Excavation Site in the Icelands Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9nw5nwn;.(enter)
n 428 Stelari Hacketoff's Bridge Fantasy X
n 432 Stelari Temple of Rauthgar Fantasy .(portal)7w6sws
n 439 Surielle Angel Garden Fantasy X
n 441 Syd Druid Copse Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)5e;.(trail)
n 442 Syd Grue Cave Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj5n2ed
n 448 Takamori The Mission of Kecyc Fantasy X
n 451 Talimar Lemuria Dream Fantasy X
n 453 Talimar Old Storyteller's Cabin Fantasy X
n 457 Talismon Cove of the Three Fantasy X
y 458 Talismon Masque Fantasy Ravenloft
n 460 Talismon and Bork Mount Knivur Fantasy X
n 462 Tarin Azral's Tunnel Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n2w4n;.(enter)
n 463 Tarin Ethereal Tower Fantasy X
n 465 Tarin Haunted Manor Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w7n3w
n 466 Tarin Holy Shrine Fantasy X
n 469 Tensor Ant Caves Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj7nenen2en2end
y 471 Tensor Barovia Fantasy Ravenloft
y 474 Tensor Der'Thalas Fantasy Ravenloft
y 475 Tensor Epic Quest Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9nw2n2w;.(enter)
n 476 Tensor Gargoyle Lair Fantasy X
n 477 Tensor Ice Cave Fantasy X
y 478 Tensor Katin Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3j6en
n 479 Tensor Lonely Keep Fantasy X
n 480 Tensor Obsidian Tower Fantasy X
y 481 Tensor Rampart Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el8e2l4ej;.(sinkhole)
y 483 Tensor Ravenloft Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n6en2e2j3es
y 484 Tensor Ravenloft Castle Fantasy Ravenloft
y 485 Tensor Ravenloft of the Past Fantasy Ravenloft
n 486 Tensor Shadowborn Manor Fantasy X
n 488 Tensor Taslen Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n6en2e2j6el5e
n 489 Tensor The Planes of Hell Fantasy 
n 490 Tensor Treant Forest Fantasy Ravenloft
n 497 Tharog Rimalkin Cave Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne8n6ws;.(enter cave)
n 499 Theseus The Wreck of Stormbringer Fantasy X
n 500 Thorin Valley of Forests and Glaciers Fantasy X
n 503 Thyros Rocky Hill Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4wn5wnwn
n 506 Tinder Kazhir's Hut Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj6n3e;.(enter)
n 510 Tiro Forest Beach and Cove Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n6en2e2j6el4e
n 514 Tiro The Mews Fantasy .(portal)5en
n 516 Tiro and Blackstaff Wayhaven Fantasy .(portal)
n 518 Tiro and Zetron Isle of Kimlark Fantasy X
n 519 To A Dark Cavern Fantasy X
n 468 Train Wayhaven Hitown Docks Fantasy .(fantasy);.(portal)7w8s
n 521 Tramane Crevice of the Mystic Seal Fantasy X
n 522 Tramane Enchanted Spring Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3j4en
n 523 Trandamere Fachan Village Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el4e2swsws
n 524 Trandamere Lair of the Owlbear Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n9e;.(path)
n 525 Tranzic Abandoned Forest Home Fantasy X
n 526 Tranzic Cave in the Hills Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj7n4e;.(cave)
n 531 Tuesdai Kunzit's Hole Fantasy X
n 545 Ulme Deghna's Maze Fantasy X
n 560 Vermillion Dragon Cave Fantasy X
n 561 Vermillion Harfain Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)2w11nh
n 564 Vexorg Desert Psionicist Tents Fantasy X
n 565 Vexorg Desert Stronghold Fantasy X
n 566 Vexorg Realm of the Verbeeg Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ej22n
n 567 Vexorg Rock Pile Fantasy X
n 569 Vivianne Desert Caverns Fantasy X
n 576 Vlad Garrison on the Plains Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2nen;.(enter)
n 579 Vraal Overgrown Fields Fantasy X
n 580 Vraal Schloss Mordenheim Fantasy X
n 582 Vraal and Rampage Snake Pit Fantasy X
y 583 Vryce Uslopta's Tower Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el3e;.(enter)
n 584 Wain Cavemaw Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nwn7w
n 585 Wain Temple of Light Fantasy X
n 586 Wain Troll Bridge Fantasy X
n 589 Watson Elemental Planes Fantasy X
n 591 Watson Talbo's Forest Home Fantasy X
n 597 Xanthil Troll Forest Fantasy X
y 600 Xiola Phantom Ship Fantasy X
n 605 Zetron and Lagman Pegasus Port Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9nwn6w;.(path)
n 606 Zhaoyun Shaolin Temple Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3jen
n 607 Zimpor Banyan Tree Fantasy X
n 608 Zimpor Crevice in the Hills Fantasy X
n 609 Zimpor Tunnels of the Rohm Giddor Fantasy X
n 610 Zix Giant Camp Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne8n11w
n 611 Zix Wayhaven Arena Fantasy .(portal)4ned
n 557 Fantasy Overlands Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)
Fantasy Pubs

************

Bacchus-----------------PTS...12n,exit,4n,9w,sleep,gate,5e,2n,2e...

Egon's------------------PTS...12n,exit,8n,5w,2n,path,enter...

Wayhaven----------------PTS...8e,3s,se,4s,e...

Winter's Haven----------PTR...8w,2n...

Deep Mountain-----------PTF...5w,6s,5e,8s,2w,s,3d(minor combat with 2-5k drow),3n,nw,3w,7s(til'w),3e,se,enter hole,s...

Troll Fodder------------PTR...w,2n,enter,3n,w,4n,2w,2s...

Meat Market-------------PTS...12n,exit,5n,16e,2s,bow led,4s,e...

Golden Nugget-----------PTR...4w,2n,path,gates,5n,e,s,w...

Underdark Pub-----------PTF...5w,6s,5e,8s,2w,s,3d(minor combat with 2-5k drow),s,3e,enter,n...

Undersea Pub------------PTI...7s, 11e, enter, d, se, 2sw, se, kill cyclops, north, take bracelet, wear bracelet, s, nw, 2ne, nw, sw, e, kill man, pool, all d, n, enter airlock, breathe, out, 3n, 8e 

(Pubs in The 'Tear')----PTR...7e,tear,3se,e,5s......

Mystic Inn 3e,enter city,3s,w...

Elven Spirit w,3s,2e,n,enter town,4n,ne,enter traveller,(push ?),leave,5e,s,w...

Dragon's Den w,3s,2e,n,enter town,4n,ne,enter traveller,(push ?),leave,n,e...

Crowns Pub w,3s,2e,enter southgate,2n,e...

Razorin/"Swampy Drinks" w,3s,e,4s,7w,3s,3w.enter city,s,2s,e,s,2e...

Blood on the Vine-------PTF...2s,sw,w,nw,enter mist,n,nw,e,3n,nw,n,ne,n,7w,n...

Tall and Short of it----PTS...5e,5n...

Titan's Tomb------------PTS...15e,exit,3s,w,board,2s,9e,2s,e,9s,e...

Lazarian----------------PTR...(pegasus?/rampages area)

Jerulsalem Pub----------PTR...w,2n,u,summon(pegasus),mount,kick,3n,e,2n,enter,4n,3w,pub...

Kaynbee-----------------PTS...12n,exit,8n,3w,2n,nw,ne,u(harafin)...cave,trace symbol,u,out,e,n,d,4w,2s,w...

Pirate's Hole-----------

Pub of Keyloncia -------- Serinth, Keyloncia city.

Rosewood Pub --- Serinth, fort in the woods.




Chaos Pubs

**********

Roadhouse---------------VT...4w,e,s,w,s,read book,3e,5n,3w,n...

Tropical----------------VT...3e,2s,e,n...

Burdog Saloon-----------VT...3w,5s,e...

Barkers-----------------VT...3e,2s,2e,n,9e,n...

Kyoto-------------------VT...(find 'strange boy',the PUB is ALL THE WAY AT THE END...It's a pain, but oh well :)...

Crydee------------------VT...4e,w,s,w,s,e,e,u,n,n,2d,s,e,4n...

Revelwood Pub(Land)-----VT...3e,2s,2e,4n,break arch,say land,w,2nw,n,say aliara,climb vine,u,u,sw,nw,w,u,2e,sw,se...

Tea Shop----------------VT...3w,4n,gate,3w...

Dolen's Inferno---------VT...3e,2s,2e,n,8n,3n,rent,sleep,dream,(drops you at a random spot,find'scummy alley'),u...

Moe's Tavern------------VT...(find TV/Simspon's),enter tv,3w,enter...

Gug Butcher-------------VT...

Willie's Water Hole-----VT...3e,2s,2e,n,3e,n,2w,2n,4e,2n,3e...Chaos Zoo

Starbucks-----------------VT...3e,2s,2e,n,3e,n,2w,3n,3w

The Reservoir Tavern or Budweiser Pub-----------VT...2e,2s,sw,2s,w,n,w,2s,2e,2s,5e,s,e,n


Science Pubs

************

Dead Hawaian------------ET...u,2e,s,d,enter(train),out(next stop),u,2w,2n,w...

Zero-G------------------ET...2u,board shuttle,exit,3w,4d,2n,2u...

Cantina-----------------ET...2u,board shuttle,exit,4w,2d,w,n,

enter pod,2n...

Spacers Bar-------------ET...2u,board shuttle,exit,3w,2d,n,enter pod,d,e,n...

Grav Bar----------------ET...2u,board shuttle,exit,3w,2d,u,s,enter pod,2u,2e...

Deevers-----------------ET...2u,board shuttle,out,4w,4n,enter shuttle,

out,5w,d,2w,sw,nw,n,nw,n,nw,n,ne,enter,s...

Techno Karyoke Bar------ET...2u,board shuttle,out,4w,4s,enter shuttle,out,

n,enter train,out,3n,2w,n,w...

Angels------------------ET...it's in detroit someplace in the south central area

Syderman's--------------ET...u,2e,n,enter,out,w,2d,e,ne



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yahoo! DSL Something to write home about. Just $16.99/mo. or less 
Plain Text Attachment [ Download File | Save to Yahoo! Briefcase ] 


                    -=[ Quests of the 3 Kingdoms ]=-                    

  1.  ( Not Done ) [  1  ]  Marbles               Not solved this 
reboot.

You've returned 25 marbles:

amethyst          chondrite         lavender          tangerine         
arsenic           chrysoberyl       oak               trinitrotoluene   
beige             concrete          opal              viridian          
beryl             cream             orange            yellow            
bone              glass             pearl                                 
brown             jade              sage                                  
cerulean          khaki             tan                 

Marbles are all over the Kingdom.  List of ones I found.
Amethyst Marble, Amethyst tower, get amethyst from cavemaw, enter, get 
marble.
Arsenic Marble, Orc Village, Shaman room, exa jar, empty jar, don't eat 
it.
Beige Marble  - Chinchila Farm, Managers Office, sit chair, search 
rubble
Beryl Marble, Ruins of an Old City, near one sarcophagus, search 
statue.
Brown Marble - Alanta, Cyber Pope Toilet.
Bone Marble - Fantasy,Road Portal,s,2w,sw,kill Arcanarton the second 
time,Spherical Bone Shard,id it.
Cerulean Marble - peerons castle, search tapestry 6
Chondrite Marble - 
chrysoberyl Marble - Smurfs, Gargamal Cauldron, Extinguish fire, get 
all from cauldron
Concrete Marble - Fantasy, wayhaven portal,12n,leave,2n,3e,remove 
marble from dam,run.
Cream Marble, A parcel, unwrap parcel, can only unwrap once, but there 
is a random number of layers of paper on it.
Glass Marble - Random Crystal Ball
Jade Marble, Dryad Tree, Climb to the top, Search Crown
Khaki Marble -ROTC,n,n,n,kill pope, search desk.
Lavender Marble - Carebears, grumpy, search table,e,search carpet, 
unlock lock.
Oak Marble - Druid Copse, Trace Knot, Plant Oak Sapling, Come back, 
Pick acorn.
Olive Marble - blister in chaos, 4w/e/s/w enter bliss,search
Opal Marble, Cave Maw, search debris, a bunch, stab membrane with 
glass, a bunch.
Orange Marble, Giant Camp,5w,jump,dive pool,2d,get fish,eat fish.
Pearl Marble, Atlantis, Bottom of Ocean, Search, Get Oyster, Open 
Oyster.
Sage Marble, Adventurers guild,exa desk,exa paperweight,get 
paperweight.
Tan Marble, Djinni, Go to Island in east, dig sand, climb tree, get 
key, unlock box.
Tangerine Marble - Hyperfunk Zone, all s, all e. 
Trinitrotoluene Marble - A Black Tank, find paper,find manual, fire 
tank a bunch.
Viridian Marble - Ancient Dolmen, Kill Bandits, Free Children, Untie 
rope.
Yellow Marble - Sesamee Street, Big Birds Nest, search nest

Possible areas not checked

1.   from chaos go all north..then all west..keep going 1s,all 
west,1s,all west,etc. untill you find a cash   

      register.. 'search register' and find a marble.

3.   wayhaven-in the dir archway, I think 7w/3n,

4.   wayhaven portal- 7w/3n, somewhere east of there in a 
fountain-search fountain 


6.   the blister in chaos, 4w/e/s/w enter bliss- search around 
there/pop blister to get out

9.   tower in sci, right outside train station, climb it, search crate

10. login-search doorframe

11. cot-search plaque

12. museum in pinnacle-search stairs

13. near katin quest-forest portal/5w/3s/2w/5n/2w/4n/search tomb/push 
button/d/kill/search dirt/d/3n/

      2-3w/kill/w/search walls/kill/2w?/e/read writing/s/s/laugh/w/look 
up/3d/kill/out/search treasure twice

14. Jack the ripper area-in the shop, search floorboards

16. hay in the scarecrows room

17. bad guy in top of arcanarton tower

19. phantoms boat in phantom of the opera area

20. Janitors secret room in factory in science

21. In a pool, from chaos, 3w/2e/2s/enter mist/s/e/search pool/search 
mud


23. sci/enter/u/4n/d/3n/7e/se/e/search hand

25. in the project area/in the massage parlor/go upstairs/n/w/search 
bed

26. supposed to be a marble in the catapult or in the cave above it in 
fantasy

27. road portal/9e/6s/w/s/enter/s/kill/s/turn crank/enter well/search 
water/climb rope

28. chaos/3w/3n/d/n/search mist


 2.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  BBN Planet            Not solved this 
reboot.
from chaos,2w,lift cover,north,kill technician,search stain,kill 
technician
plug dcr.net cable into what ever server can handle it.

 3.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  Bug                   Not solved this 
reboot.
Mosquito around town, setup a trigger to move the direction it moves.

 4.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  Chop Tree             Not solved this 
reboot.
There is a tree hidden in newbie land and you need an axe to chop it 
down.
This time the tree was hidden in disney behind Donalds house.  Axe was 
in
a tree in hidden area west of weary pesant in farmland, entrance is 
footpath.
Tree was hidden in newbie forest last time through newbie land.

 5.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  Codename: Kodiak      Not solved this 
reboot.
Search rubble in one north room and you'll find a secret area over it.
You will find an elevator in there search elevator and enter it.
Search floor and Ceiling.  Talk to Ford and he will give you password.
Give password to Richardson and he will give you a helmet.
Wear the helmet and scan every room.  When the helmet says 75% search 
room.
Their will be an secret exit.  Next room will be Kodiak. Kill him!

 6.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  Free Cho              Not solved this 
reboot.
chaos,w,w,w,e,s,e,flip switch,push button,enter,kill everthing,free 
cho,ride beam.


 7.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  Mack                  Not solved this 
reboot.
Mack is a hidden exix, a block in the middle of nowhere.  Search block.
Get a donut and give to duplocop and he give you a key.  Unlock and 
enter
cell and search wall.  Get a combo for lock box.  Go to bank and 
request
that number.  Get block from box.  Go get ladder and enter duploschool
kill teacher search black board.  Get bone.  Give bone to duplodog and 
he digs up block get block.  Attach block to block and it makes a key.
He south to a house and go to the attic. Go up, unlock door, kill Mack.

 8.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  Newbie Academy        Not solved this 
reboot.

 9.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  Ralintaro             Not solved this 
reboot.
Newbieland, Find Tower, Kill Ralintaro.

10.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  Resource Crisis       Not solved this 
reboot.
Take Taxi,enter truch, search tools, enter shed, shearh tools, enter 
trailer,
search desk, look at every person to see if they have tools.  you need.
wire cutters, and digitlal metrameeter, find the oil rig tower, climb 
up,
test red wire, test green wire, test yellow wire, test blue wire, cut 
the
one that has power.

12.  ( Complete ) [* 5 *]  Tree                  Not solved this 
reboot.
Town, look at tree near musuem.

13.  ( Complete ) [  8  ]  Twelve Princesses     Not solved this 
reboot.
Book Nook -> nw, recline,say twelve princesses,say proclamation
say discover,(get cloak),road,say quest,say twelve princesses,say 
discover
say yes,(get gemstone),w,lay bed,(wait for wine),pour wine,n,search 
beds
knock on bedpost,(wait),d,(wait),2w,board,(wait),leave,pluck 
goblet,board
(wait),leave,pluck twig, e (3x),2u,s,e,give goblet to king,give twig to 
king (3x)

14.  ( Complete ) [  10 ]  Arcanarton            Not solved this 
reboot.
Road Portal,s,2w,sw,trail
Arcanarton: Fantasy/road portal/2w/s/sw/trail/enter.  
Go up the tower to the very top, where you'll find Arcanarton.
 Arcanarton is at the top, 30k-35k, non-aggro, non-hunting wimpy safe.
  Kill imp then kill him.  There is also a marble here

15.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  Destroy Barney        Not solved this 
reboot.
chaos,w,s,s,s,kill stagehand,get backstage pass,search directors 
office,
or search prop room,find bottle, find bright green door, enter door, 
search couch, give bottle to barny, he attacks, kill barny.

16.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  Disney                Not solved this 
reboot.
Go to the west until you can go south.  Then go all south and all west 
until you find Doc at the mine.  Say diamond and he'll give you a 
pickaxe.
  Swing pickaxe in every room of the mine until you find the diamond, 
then go back to where you went south.  Head all west to the house in 
the forest and go in.  Give the diamond to Snow White and say mirror.  
She'll give you a mirror.  Go all e from the beginning until you can 
swim, swim, go first s, kill ursula, s, get letter, go back to witch, 
show letter to witch, talk to witch until she says she wants the 
mirror, 
show mirror to witch, give mirror to witch.plan  She drops the award, 
pick it up and go back to the mirror.  Head south and check out the 
first house to the west.  Inside is Mickey, give the award to him.


17.  ( Not Done ) [  10 ]  Djinni                Not solved this 
reboot.
Djinni: Djinni Bring a light source.
Wayhaven, all e, leave, folow road e/ne until you get to the docks.  
In the room before either dock (exits e or n) swim or swim in ocean.
  Swim until you get to another beach with only exit south.  
Go s and then climb over rocks then examine cliff, examine 
cave etc.  Dive water, watch mob until it settles on the bottom, 
kill mob, examine bottom, search slime, get bottle.  
(Key you get from mob can be used to open a tan box on 
the island in this area to get a tan marble).

Once you 
have the bottle, return home or to a good area.  
You may want to put eq in a box as you can't use 
eq or guild powers once inside the bottle.
Remove cork.

You now suck.  I will only say the 
things you have to do - you may want to kill the
 mobs to get eq as you will have none.
Go to the room with Stinky/Skippy/whatever his name is
 - he is the newbie.  
Here you can pick flowers for a 100 hp heal.  
Left of him is a room with an anorexic slave.  
You can exa garden, pick vegetables, get vegetables.
Each vegetable gives approx 100 hp heal.  You will need these!
Go to the mage, wait until he says the magic word 'Kazam'  
To the right of the mage, search rocks for a hunting knife, 
this helps ALOT!  Go to centre and say key in front of a mob 
(I did this with the rogue but I assume it will work for any of them).
Mob will tell you which little mob in the outer circle has their 
particular key.
Go to them and say key again.  
They will give you a key to the door.
Kill guard in inner circle (I found him pretty hard), 
unlock door, go 2n - here is the mage (non-aggro)  
I would suggest having as many flowers/vegetables and ppl available 
for hmheal from afar as possible for this bit.
Kill mage, get sword. Go s, search room, say kazam, 
climb stairs, give sword to Djinni. (10)

18.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  Gameshow              Not solved this 
reboot.
chaos,2e,3n,game in every direction, go win one, if you don't get a 
trophy
go win another one untill you do win a trophy, quest done.

19.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  Nightmare             Not solved this 
reboot.
Chaos,w,all north,w,n, Take pillow from bed,Sleep bed,All east,s,w
search pictures,2e/d/kill bully,Take his jacket and search pocket,w,nw,
take tray,search tray,se,s,e,kill principal,Take bianca blast, and push
button,2w,search locker,search notebookgo all north,e,s.
Give gift to mate bunch of times kiss mate.  Done.

20.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  NY Mugger             Not solved this 
reboot.
Science,up,e,e,down,enter train,go to new york, kill mugger.

21.  ( Complete ) [*  10*]  Orc Slayer            Not solved this 
reboot.
Road Portal,4w,2n,path,say orc slayer,say yes,say shaman,say 
leave,path,
2s,16e,4n,search,enter shelter,kill shaman,get 
sword,out,4s,16w,2n,path,
say orc slayer.

22.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  Rampart               Not solved this 
reboot.
Have to solve 6 riddles,fantasy,all east,leave,e,se,all east,s,sinkhole
pay homage by 'pray'ing,accept the challenge,compassion,heart,mind
forgiveness,understanding,love,get the soulgem.  go 'out' 3w,north to
portal, go back to sinkhole, give soulgem to figure.

23.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  Sarkath Khan          Not solved this 
reboot.
Wayhaven,12n,leave,10n,5w,path, have to stay the night so enter, buy 
room.
Sit, Zarkof intruduced him self, he wants a beer, stand, buy a few 
beers,
sit,give zarkof a beer, he tells a story and gives you a map, stand, go 
find
your room, close door, and sleep.  Soon as you sleep your moved out of 
inn.
2s,6w,kill warrior,w,enter,n,ne,n,nw,kill all,open coffin,
say hello,say freed,get shovel,leave undergound, dig in every room in 
plains,
when you find loose soil, keep diging, search skeleton, get crystal, go 
back to
Sarkath Khan, give crystal to Sarkath Khan, he gives back and asks you 
to break
it, smash crystal.

24.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  Save Grandma!         Not solved this 
reboot.
Chaos,s,s,s,s,ne,search in every room until you find a red cloak, 
follow
path, then walkway until you come to cottage, knock door, wolf rips off
your cloak and attacks, kill wolf, open closet, and you saved grandma.

25.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  Spaceport             Not solved this 
reboot.
Chaos,s,s,ride comet,enter winnibago, pull lever 3 times,exit winnibago
Talk to king, go south to desert, kill spaceball, get comb, comb desert 
until you find door, enter door, kill prince, get amulet, wear amulet,
lift statue, get ring, wear ring, leave, go north to mega maid, flip 
switch
Push darth, leave mega maid, get debris, give debris to king, make sure 
you
are still wearing amulet and ring.

27.  ( Complete ) [* 10*]  Zetron                Not solved this 
reboot.
Fantasy, exa seal,go n,n,w,w,enter,buy mid sized, short and long 
ladder,out
then go e,e,e,e,enter,buy incense,out,s,s,w,w, get seal 3 times, then 
go
7w,6s,3w,s,burn incense,return seal

28.  ( Complete ) [* 13*]  Lothlarian            Not solved this 
reboot.
South in newbieland,exa tree, search tree, enter, go south, elf is 
hanging
in a tree, rescue elf, search elf, search trees, find elf that ties 
knots,
find horn thats tied in a knot, untie horn, to go hill, blow horn.

29.  ( Complete ) [  15 ]  Alphabet              Not solved this 
reboot.
Chaos/enter/2e/d.  Kill the letters to spell the word HELICOPTER.  
You only need one E.  Make sure you have one of the items other than a 
letter from one of the kills.  The letter R is in a hidden room.  
Once you have all this, go back to the H room and 'spell helicopter'.  
Note that if you leave the area for any reason before you spell 
helicopter
that you have to do it all over again.


30.  ( Not Done ) [  15 ]  Boomer Rampage        Not solved this 
reboot.

31.  ( Complete ) [* 15*]  Hobgoblin             Not solved this 
reboot.
Fantasy,12n,leave,11n,path,3nw,enter,kill goblin guards that show up,
enter,nw,w,n,search water,leap,search bones,get bone,leap,s,e,se,sw,
w,nw,Kill goblins,u,n,Kill kids,get knife,s,d,d,s,give bone to goblin,
give knife to goblin, He makes you a flute,n,w,Kill goblins, w, play 
flute,
mage will die,open box,get amulet from 
box,2e,climb,se,e,ne,e,3se,path,11s,
enter,12s,7w,3s,4w,5s,enter,say zalasta,u,u,u,s,give amulet to zalasta

32.  ( Complete ) [* 15*]  Jack the Ripper       Not solved this 
reboot.
chaos,3e,3n,walk around till you get attacked, search like crazy, find
cloth, take cloth to constubale, accuse who constubale tells you, Kill 
Jack.

33.  ( Complete ) [  15 ]  Macabre Collector     Not solved this 
reboot.
gotofantasy/7w/3s/all w/n/enter/
Portentous Shoppe (exit,n)
Cuthbert Pottly.
> That is not here.
'hello
You say: hello                                                                
> Cuthbert says: Charmed.                                                    
Cuthbert says: And welcome.                                                
list
Cuthbert would gladly give you a tour if you asked.
> 'tour
You say: tour                                                                 
> Cuthbert claps his hands together.

Cuthbert says: Ah, I just know you'll love this precious wing brooch.      

Cuthbert says: Over here is a splendid mummified head.                     

Cuthbert says: Have I shown you this before? Never mind, I know you'll 
love
               this green eye.                                             

Cuthbert says: So that's the whirlwind tour.  You are welcome to browse
               before you buy.                                             
browse
Browse what?
> l

                                                                     N     
                                                                   \ | 
/
Portentous Shoppe                                                 
---*---  
                                                                   / | 
\ 
                                                                           

The overwhelming exhibit of dramatic objects d'art creates an
oppressive atmosphere.  The small space is sheathed in a gloominess
that is formed from the dark decor, not the lack of adequate lighting.
In a final insult to the senses, suffocating the fresh air is the
mingled odour of dust, incense and the musty smell of aged paper.
    There are two obvious exits: exit, north                             
Cuthbert Pottly.
> list
Cuthbert would gladly give you a tour if you asked.
> browse eye
You look around for a eye to look at.


Cuthbert says: This is a carefully preserved eye with an amazing pale 
green
               iris.  There is a hardened coating which protects this
               trinket and helps it to keep its shine.  All this for an
               amazingly good price of 2000 coins.                         
> Cuthbert says: What rare splendors I have.                                 
'help
You say: help
> 'supply
You whisper to Cuthbert: supply                                               
> Cuthbert smiles.

Cuthbert says: You are looking for a job, yes? Excellent, let's go
               somewhere private to talk.                                 
Cuthbert takes out a large key from his pocket and unlocks the door at
the back of the room.

Cuthbert quickly shoos you through.


                                                                           
                                                                   \ | 
/
Pottly's Private Collection                                       
---*---  
                                                                   / | 
\ 
                                                                     S     

For a shop back room, this is rather typical with its cramped
dimensions.  The sole piece of furniture, a large wooden table, fills
most of this available space and only just leaves enough room to
maneuver.  With the perfect precision of a psychotic collector, a
macabre collection of fairies is displayed on the table's surface.
    There is one obvious exit: south                                        
Cuthbert Pottly.
'job
You say: job                                                                  
> 
Cuthbert says: As you can see I have a rather distinct hobby.  
Delightful,
               yes?  My collection is never complete and I need more.     
evoke attenuate at south
You attenuate yourself towards the south.
From your extension you see:

                                                                     N     
                                                                   \ | 
/
Portentous Shoppe                                                 
---*---  
                                                                   / | 
\ 
                                                                           

The overwhelming exhibit of dramatic objects d'art creates an
oppressive atmosphere.  The small space is sheathed in a gloominess
that is formed from the dark decor, not the lack of adequate lighting.
In a final insult to the senses, suffocating the fresh air is the
mingled odour of dust, incense and the musty smell of aged paper.
    There are two obvious exits: exit, north                             
> l

                                                                           
                                                                   \ | 
/
Pottly's Private Collection                                       
---*---  
                                                                   / | 
\ 
                                                                     S     

For a shop back room, this is rather typical with its cramped
dimensions.  The sole piece of furniture, a large wooden table, fills
most of this available space and only just leaves enough room to
maneuver.  With the perfect precision of a psychotic collector, a
macabre collection of fairies is displayed on the table's surface.
    There is one obvious exit: south                                        
Cuthbert Pottly.
> l

                                                                           
                                                                   \ | 
/
Pottly's Private Collection                                       
---*---  
                                                                   / | 
\ 
                                                                     S     

For a shop back room, this is rather typical with its cramped
dimensions.  The sole piece of furniture, a large wooden table, fills
most of this available space and only just leaves enough room to
maneuver.  With the perfect precision of a psychotic collector, a
macabre collection of fairies is displayed on the table's surface.
    There is one obvious exit: south                                        
Cuthbert Pottly.
> 'job
You say: job                                                                  
> 
Cuthbert says: As you can see I have a rather distinct hobby.  
Delightful,
               yes?  My collection is never complete and I need more.     
'hobby
You say: hobby                                                                
> 
Cuthbert says: I collect different fae and keep them in this perfect
               state. Have a look around but no touching.                 
'collection
You say: collection                                                           
> 
Cuthbert says: I collect different fae and keep them in this perfect
               state. Have a look around but no touching.                 
'complete
You say: complete
> 'more
You say: more                                                                 
> 
Cuthbert says: Each fairy looks completely different now.  Some of my 
more
               adventurous customers have joined me in this hobby.  So, 
I
               was selling them any double-ups that I had but now I 
have
               run out.                                                   
'fairy
You say: fairy                                                                
> Cuthbert says: Perfection, magical perfection.                             
'out
You say: out                                                                  
> 
Cuthbert says: I discovered a new place to collect fairies, in the 
garden
               of an abandoned cottage.  I collected enough for my
               collection and received orders from my customers. As 
soon
               as I did this the cottage owner renovated the cottage 
and
               took up residence.                                         
'cottage
You say: cottage                                                              
> Cuthbert says: A lovely place, I spend some time there.                    
'garden
You say: garden                                                               
> Cuthbert says: A lovely place, I spend some time there.                    
Cuthbert peers at you over the rim of his spectacles.                      
'owner
You say: owner                                                                
> Cuthbert says: She likes to be called Aunt May.                            
'aunt may
You say: aunt may                                                             
> Cuthbert says: She likes to be called Aunt May.                            
'may
You say: may                                                                  
> Cuthbert says: She likes to be called Aunt May.                            
'Aunt May
You say: aunt may                                                             
> Cuthbert says: She likes to be called Aunt May.                            
'fairy
You say: fairy                                                                
> Cuthbert says: Perfection, magical perfection.                             
You say: more                                                                 
Cuthbert says: Each fairy looks completely different now.  Some of my 
more
               adventurous customers have joined me in this hobby.  So, 
I
               was selling them any double-ups that I had but now I 
have
               run out.                                                   
You say: out                                                                  
Cuthbert says: I discovered a new place to collect fairies, in the 
garden
               of an abandoned cottage.  I collected enough for my
               collection and received orders from my customers. As 
soon
               as I did this the cottage owner renovated the cottage 
and
               took up residence.                                         
You say: orders                                                               
Cuthbert says: I have a lot of orders to fill and very little time.  If
               you want a job I will pay you to go to the cottage and
               collect at least six different fairies.  Leave when you 
are
               ready.                                                     


34.  ( Complete ) [  17 ]  Perfection            Not solved this 
reboot.
chaos,4w,e,s,w,2s,2e,n,enter warehouse. tease flower,kill tulip,
kill nail,get everything,ride particle,tussle flower,kill nail,kill 
tulip
get nothing,taste experience,conduct experiment,climb ladder,return 
everything
ladder,caress tulips,be perfect,do nothing,tease flower,enter imperfect 
panel
qwerty,lick glass,enter perfect panel,u,enter heart,die,return nothing


35.  ( Complete ) [* 20*]  Ebonbane              Not solved this 
reboot.
From mist go: n/nw/n/ne/n/nw. You are now at Barovia entrance.
n,ne,n,10w,s,4sw,6w,nw,2w,sw,8w,cloak room,n,e,search stuff,get key
w,n,e,u,se,search stuff,get key,back to the cloak room,sw,2nw,w,s,
search stuff,get key,n,e,2s,w,s,kill spirit,get key,to cloak room,
2n,w,d,w.


36.  ( Complete ) [* 20*]  Free Stag             Not solved this 
reboot.
Fantasy,roadportal,2n,3e,2n,path,2w,nw,2n,nw,2w,2n,all north, kill 
bodyguard,
kill lord,search torch,search stand, move stand, down, kill griffin or 
harpy,
north, get all,s,u,s,e,e,u,w,s,e,kill lady, get 
gem,w,n,e,d,4w,d,3e,s,kill guard,
get key, unlock door, open door, e,kill giant, get gem, search, you 
will see markings,
find the markings that say, place lords gem, ladys gem, and catle gem 
here..........
drop gem, drop gem, drop gem, down, north east area, up, free stag, w 
to head out.


37.  ( Complete ) [* 20*]  Frozen Dude           Not solved this 
reboot.
Ice portal,s,w,s,w,w,s,w,touch statue,First find and kill the 
lumberjack,
get the axe, wield axe, chop tree every room, get log, 
chop down all the trees (somewhere n and w of statue), get the logs and 
light them. 
Go to cave: from statue n/w/n/n
In the cave you will lose hp due to the cold in there, so you have to 
do this
 rather quickly. 
Or wear a cloak from in there.  If you're lucky there will be a monster 
in the last room wielding the Sword of Darkness,
 so invoke a light before you enter. If you get too low hp in there. 
go cave/n/n/d/w/s/w/u/s/w/u/e/n/n/e/n/w/d
melt the dude (I don't exactly remember the syntax for it, but you have 
the logs,
try to do something with them, or just melt dude or something), thaw 
dude with log
 
38.  ( Complete ) [  20 ]  Waldo                 Not solved this                  A<HqwWBJL             A<HqwWBJL 
reboot.
Chaos/enter/4w/2e/w.  You should be in Waldo's house.  Find the closet 
and
 search around.search corner adn find an exit, go exit, in a room with 
footprints, trace footprints or trace symbol, end up in a room with a 
vault 
and a hole in the floor, enter hole, exa tube, search tube or whatever 
to 
get paper, read paper/writing, d, pull plug, exa walls, trace symbol - 
should be back at the vault, type <whatever was on writing>, exa walls, 
exa money, q money, exa plaque - plaque will tell you where to seek for
Waldo (mine was 'If it's Waldo you seek then you must look for a Fish 
Scale',
which are in the bottom of the tank of water), out, enter hole, d, pull 
plug,
climb stairs/stairs, exa house - take note of what movie is on the side                           It says: 'If it's Waldo you seek then you must look for a Fish Eye'.  Odd eh?
of the
house, exa bed, q bed, say hi, when he asks what his favourite movie 
is, say 
movie that was on side of the house,  shake hand, climb window - done.

Another version;go w into the tube, spin around. This take you to the 
roof. 
Search the X, read the paper, go to the vault, enter combination, 
inside 
the vault exa the money, exa the bill. There should be a $26 bill that 
has 
waldo on it. Search the plate, exa plate. This tells you to look for a 
fish 
eye to find waldo. go back to the tank. exa fish exa eyes, exa eye, 
search 
eye this should press a button which takes you to waldo. Tell him his 
favourite movie from the side of the house and then shake his hand. 
climb 
out to window to exit room. Mars Attacks exa bottom of the pool for 
paper
It says: 'If it's Waldo you seek then you must look for a Flower Pot'.  
Odd plants in the central room w of the area entrance.


39.  ( Complete ) [  25 ]  Accipiter             Not solved this 
reboot.
Gotofantasy,wforest,e,2s,talk to Grus till he says son,iceportal,6s,5e 
talk
to grus till he gives you a note, back to Grus, give note to Grus,when 
he
cries like a baby, enter tree,search,e,
You say: trees                                                                
Accipiter says: I cannot help but find beauty in the majesty of trees. 
                They are the kings of the forest, majestic and more 
than
                grand.  My admiration has indeed been my undoing.         
You say: help                                                                 
Accipiter nods and says: I see, you have come to explore the world of 
my
                        Powers...  What town are you from?               
You say: pinnacle                                                             
Accipiter says: Aha! A citizen of old Cancer's villa...in our humble
                sycamore.                                                 
You say: cancer                                                               
Accipiter says: I have shared few words with him myself, though I know 
him
                to be a good man.                                         
You say: sycamore                                                             
Accipiter says: Well, if you've come to learn about our Power's world, 
you
                have surely ventured accurately.  Yes, I can help you
                learn about their Odyssey...                              
The stately elder bird preens his wings gingerly.                          
You say: odyssey                                                              
Accipiter says: So you are coming to me without much prior knowledge, 
this
                I see.  It is no matter, I...ahh bugger, could you do 
an
                old bird a favor, and help me stretch my wing?            
stretch wing
You help the old hawk stretch his left wing.
Accipiter says: Ahh yes, that's it, much obliged...                        
Accipiter says: You are a good soul...I will indeed help you in your 
quest
                for knowledge.  But before we embark upon this new
                learning, will you carry out just a small chore for me?   
You say: chore                                                                
Accipiter says: Ahh, good, good...you are most kind.  There is a 
special
                forest south of the mainland, the Forest of Types.  If
                only you'd be so kind as to retrieve for me a branch of
                the Moon Tree, and some Turquoise Jelly.                  
Accipiter continues: It is a trifling request almost... both are easily
                     enough obtained. And I will ensure that the forest
                     will aid you.                                        
Accipiter says: I need both items for a broth I am cooking.  When you
                return with them, we can both sit and enjoy the warm 
soup,
                and I'll tell you all you wish to know about the world 
of
                the creators.                                             
Accipiter says: Oh, and concern yourself not with the crane who guards 
my
                home... he will pay you no heed.                          
You say: turquoise jelly                                                      
Accipiter says: Turquoise Jelly is a useful ooze congealed from the 
branch
                sap of a water tree.  Some shamans value it in 
rain-making
                spells.  I myself use it in some recipes for its light,
                salty flavour.  
You say: forest                                                               
Accipiter says: Forest?  There are many forests, yes.                      
You say: forest of types                                                      
Accipiter says: The Forest of Types is an enchanting island to the 
south,
                and a fairly new addition to our realms.  Its origins 
have
                a tale about them...                                      
You say: origins                                                              
Accipiter says: Several centuries past, back when the realms were lush,
                untorn by the new beasts called into our lands whilst
                their summoners waged a bitter, pointless struggle, our
                kind was born.                                            
Accipiter says: As it was told to our first generation, and as it has 
been
                passed down through our myths and blood, our own war 
would
                be with the man/trees of the north.  And yea, for
                centuries we did war with the trees, as it continues 
today
                thus.                                                     
Accipiter says: However, once a young hawk named Accipiter came of age, 
he
                decided that blood need not be spilt any longer, that 
our
                claws need not sunder bark, nor our beaks pierce the 
dry
                flesh of wood any more.                                   
Accipiter says: This young hawk was the first to voice such a thought, 
and
                he was received thus with indifference at first.  
However,
                he soon gained renown for his scholarship, and attained
                high rank among his kind despite his radical anti-war
                beliefs.                                                  
Accipiter says: And one day, this enterprising hawk embarked upon a
                certain project...he flew to an island south of 
Wayhaven;
                a desolate though fertile isle, and spent the greater 
part
                of the next forty years planting a magical forest ripe
                with all species of trees.                                
Accipiter says: When my creation was complete, I offered it to the
                man/trees as a gesture of peace, as a message that at
                least one man/bird remains averse to the violence of 
years
                past.                                                     
Accipiter says: And yea, once our Power gained word of my offering, I
                found myself here, on the cold ground, remanded to a 
fate
                of flightless impotency.  A bittersweet tale, yea.  
gotoboats,charter forest of types,all west,search
You say: hello                                                                
Cocodryllus says: Truly I am in no mood for pedestrian chat, 
adventurer. 
                  Begone, yea?                                            
You say: mood                                                                 
Cocodryllus growls: If ye know not why, ye must be daft!                   
You say: moon tree                                                            
Cocodryllus's right eye flashes.
Cocodryllus says: It be the Moon Tree ye seek?  True, ye be close, as 
it
                  lie just beyond this creek.  But to visit our fair
                  Mother, I'm afraid, is quite out of the question.  
You
                  see, since with only one eye I cannot tell friend 
from
                  foe, alas you may not pass.                             
You say: eye                                                                  
Cocodryllus growls: My eye was snatched by the wicked serpent, Anguis.
You say: serpent                                                              
Cocodryllus says: Ah, we have a long history of enmity, he and I.  He 
is
                  but a wee snake, ye see...but he caught me unawares 
last
                  night, and plucked my eye from my brainpan.             
Cocodryllus says: He slithered off before I could lay chase.  He is
                  probably back in his rocky refuge by now.               
Cocodryllus says: I wonder how he even made it to this isle.  Perhaps 
he
                  stowed away in some adventurer's boat.                  
You say: refuge                                                               
Cocodryllus snarls: The piteous beast finds home in brief rock
                    settlements, and prefers unbearably hot, dry
                    conditions.  Indeed, he is not a native of this
                    island.                                               
You say: island                                                               
Cocodryllus says: This be the Forest of Types, adventurer.
You say: turquoise jelly                                                      
Cocodryllus drones: I have heard of people extracting that from the 
water
                    tree.  I pay little attention to such activities,
                    however.                                              
You say: water tree                                                           
Cocodryllus says: Ye'll have to find it for yerself.  The Forest of 
Types
                  be not that big.                                        
Desert of Wayhaven
A settlement of rocks.
Anguis.
You say: hello                                                                
Anguis says: Bah *hisss* why darest thou intrude?                          
The snake's tongue flicks the air.                                         
You say: accipiter                                                            
Anguis says: *hiss* Bah, he is but a foolish old wren!                     
You say: cocodryllus                                                          
Anguis says: And what of this loathsome lizard, adventurer?                
You say: eye                                                                  
Anguis says: Indeed, I snared the croc's eye for a snack, I did! And 
I'll
             never give it back, even if you tried squeezing it out of 
me.
             Brash adventurer, leave me be!                               
squeeze anguis
You lunge forward with great tenacity, and grasp Anguis about his
neck and midriff!
You throttle the poor snake, as he hisses and squeals
like a wounded child!
You give one last squeeze, and at last, the choking serpent 
coughs up his bounty, a giant eyeball!
Eye of Cocodryllus.
Anguis.
get eye
eye: Taken.
You toss the snake down to the ground.
Anguis screeches and disappears through a tiny hole in the dirt.

give eye to cocodryllus
Cocodryllus takes the eye with his scaley hamfist...
Cocodryllus says: Well I'll be! You've gone and rescued my sight from 
the
                  withered serpent himself!  Praise be to you, fine,
                  worthy adventurer...                                    
Cocodryllus pops his eye back into place...
Cocodryllus says: E'en before I cast my truest gaze upon thee, by thy 
acts
                  alone I know thy character to be true indeed.  This I
                  need not sight to see.  You are welcome here. 
sw
You watch in awe as the barricade of crocodiles slowly,
almost grudgingly disperses, allowing you to trudge across the
shallow creek to the island beyond.
Isle of the Moon Tree (ne)
Moon Tree.
The white tree looms overhead, glorious and majestic.                      
The Moon Tree sways imperceptibly in the gentle winds.
You say: branch
The tree graciously lets a branch fall to the ground.
Water Tree.
You say: branch
The tree graciously lets a branch fall to the ground.
exa branch
This branch is made of an aqua-blue wood which is infused with a
surprising volume of water.  A branch of this type is not practical
for any purpose, but it is certainly attractive, and could quite
possibly be treasured by some avid collectors.  If you wish to sell
it, then you'll have to be careful it doesn't break though.
It looks light.
break branch
You snap the watery branch with ease!  Predicatably, a lot
of fluid pours from the break.  After the water has drained
away, an odd, turquoise jelly oozes out.
get all
Turquoise Jelly: Ok.
exa branch
This broken branch is made of an aqua-blue wood.  It seems to be quite
moist, but most of the internal water has drained away.
It looks light.
give branch to accipiter
Accipiter says: Aha, yes!  This is what I was looking for.  And did you
                not have luck finding the Turquoise Jelly?                
give jelly to accipiter
Accipiter says: Wonderful, wonderful, now I have both the branch and 
the
                turquoise jelly, this is all I need to complete my
                anticipated broth, now let's...err, um...oh, bother!  
I've
                just realized that I have another small problem to 
solve
                before I can finish cooking my broth...are you willing,
                yet again, to aid me?  
You say: yes  
Accipiter says: The special stoking I use for my kettle can only be
                extinguished with orange sand, and I've run through my
                supply already it seems!  Would you be so frightfully
                helpful as to fetch me some?                              
Accipiter says: I'm sure you've come across some in your recent 
travels...
                when you return I will finish my broth and you and I,
                friend, we will sip our soup and speak of grander 
things,
                eh?                                                       
You say: orange sand                                                          
Accipiter says: For that, I'd look somewhere sandy.  I'm sure you'll 
have
                come across some in your travels. 
Desert of Wayhaven
A settlement of rocks.
Anguis's Lair 
get orange sand
You scrape some of the golden orange sand into a clump and
take it with you.
give sand to accipiter
Ok.
Accipiter says: Ahh, yes, it was kind of you to aid me yet again.  I 
feel
               that I have taken advantage of your generosity...         
Accipiter says: Well, I'll be...you've managed to help me yet again, 
young
                explorer!  Now, I can get to cooking up this soup for 
us,
                and helping you find out more about our Powers.  
*Squawk*
                say, would you help out an old bird and scratch my 
neck? I
                think I have a moisture rash but I can't seem to reach
                that part of my neck...I would consider it a warm 
favor...
scratch neck
You lean over and gently scratch the bird on its neck...
Accipiter says: Well, I must say, you have been too kind to this aging
                featherbag.  I'm almost embarrassed!                      
Accipiter says: Well, nevertheless leave me be, for now at least.  I 
will
                cook the broth presently, but as it is a sacred family
                recipe, I am somewhat picky and finicky about folks
                watching as I prepare it.                                 
Accipiter says: Simply come back a short while later, and mention the
                broth, and I'll let you know how things are brewing!  
But
                mind your patience -- disturb me thrice before the 
broth
                is ready, and I'll serve none at all! Now be off, kind
                Pinnacle breed!                                           
You feel a sudden dizziness and your surroundings change!
You say: broth                                                                
Accipiter says: Ahh, criminy, you startled me, foolhardy adventurer!  
I'm
                not done with the broth yet, check back a little bit
                later.  Mind your patience!                               
You feel a sudden dizziness and your surroundings change!
You say: broth                                                                
Accipiter gives you a wry look.
Accipiter speaks sternly: Yes, the broth is ready, Tchazzar.  But it is
                          only you who shall partake.                     
Accipiter hands you a short white staff.
Accipiter says: This is the broth I have prepared, though as you can 
see,
                it is no broth.  Rather, it is a powerful artifact 
which
                will grant you audience with our Power.                   
Accipiter says: You have proven your worth to me through your 
unwavering
                willingness to help me with my troubles.  You have 
proven
                your patience by leaving me be as long as I so desired. 
                And you have made an old bird very happy, as I had long
                since resolved that no such benevolent soul existed in 
the
                realms in these, these dark days when guilds send their
                members out on crass missions of slaughter...             
Accipiter says: The Odyssey of the Powers is a tale of a nature, 
seemingly
                nonsensical to most mortals.  It is impossible to
                understand for those not directly involved.  But I 
leave
                it to the discretion of our Power to grant you the
                knowledge you seek. Take and use the artifact -- it 
will
                warm to your soul before long, and take you to our 
Power. 
                Thus is my task completed.  I have nothing left to tell
                you.  The rest is up to you, Tchazzar!  'Ere this be 
the
                last time we meet, farewell, farewell proud Tchazzar, I
                hope you learn much that is hidden.                       
You feel a sudden dizziness and your surroundings change!
exa staff
A branch of wood as white as purest ivory, this short staff is 
decorated and
inscribed with designs formed by orange sand and turquoise jelly.  The 
origin
of these strange and serpentine images is truly not of the present 
realm.  It
appears to be more an object of divinity, than a weapon for combat.
This weapon is in excellent condition.
exa designs
The images on the staff appear to be totally disordered at first.  As
you gaze closer, you begin to see patterns emerge from the chaos. 
Suddenly, as if your mind and eyes are focusing in unison for the first
time, the majesty of the overall design becomes clear.  You are
awestricken by the power bound up in this staff and fear what might
happen if the pattern was traced and the power unleashed.               
trace pattern
As you trace the pattern on the staff, bright sparks of
white light dance around in your wake.  Surges of energy
course through your body; almost more than you can bear!
You almost give up in agony, when suddenly, you finish.
The staff is definitely warmer, but there doesn't seem to
have been any apocalyptic, or even interesting, results.
You look around, half in disappointment, half in anticipation.
The quarterstaff warms to your grasp.
The quarterstaff warms to your grasp.
The staff abruptly turns cold!
The hoary, freezing sensation becomes almost unbearable --
it feels more blistering than the breath of a red dragon,
yet you are unable to loosen your grip!
The artifact suddenly bursts into flame, an icy white 
conflagration which envelops your hand, and soon your
entire arm!
The silver blaze consumes your shoulder, your torso...unable
even to think, you watch with awe and dread as your entire body
is soon indistinguishable from the flame itself!
A deafening clap of energy resounds forth from within your body!
Another burst of searing sound, as though a barrier were
being razed!  
Three more blasts of deafening proportions, in quick succession!
You can see nothing around you except a light beyond that of the sun!
...then, silence...the deepest depths of silence, a state
beyond peace...
...at the center of your vision, barely outlined by a soft aura of
white light, you see a shape...you cannot discern whether the
image exists in space before you, or in your very mind...
As you gaze at the figure, you find yourself thinking the 
following words:
'I must move to the center of my world...'
'...once there, I must look up, towards the sky...'
'...at that time, I will begin to understand.'
The image fades, and as the light surrounding it dies down,
you sense that the moment has ended...
The artifact, once burned into your hand, has disappeared.
Sight returns to your eyes, darkness becomes light again.
COT
look up
You turn your gaze skyward, and fix your eyes upon the world above...
...the multicolored sky appears as it always does, but gradually...
...shapes in the sky begin to become apparent to you...the pompous
clouds gently round their edges and project sinews of mist in the
vague suggestion of...faces!
...and these faces, these half-realities that seem to exist partly
in your very mind, begin to assume the countenances of men...
...shifting your gaze about, you notice that the entire sky, the
limitless expanse a horizon around, is alive with these faces,
expressions of the very essence of peace...
...a slim, blue face floats in front of a wide, indigo face, both
smiling upon you as though you were an honored visitor to their
reality......seemingly swimming in the molasses of the infinite space, 
these 
benevolent profiles collectively close their eyes towards you,
and you feel a slight shiver budding from inside your heart...
...you glance down in a momentary response towards the subtle
pain in your chest -- it is both a pain of envy and of bliss...
...as you quickly raise your eyes back up to the skies, still
cowering slightly over your heart, you see that the faces have
gone, slipped back into the hilts and scabbards of the clouds 
and constellations...
...you are left with the vague knowledge that there exists a
dimension of life far above this one, where thoughts pass as
though silent lightning through the clouds, and where a bliss
may be found amongst the brash spirits of the wind and rain.

                 
40.  ( Complete ) [* 25*]  Attrition!            Not solved this 
reboot.
Newbieland... In the north east.
Go west southwest till you get to a hut.  Knock door. Talk to the 
little
old lady. Leave hut, go all north search bushes, squeeze between gap, 
kill
bear, search log, get bucket, go find some flowes, pick flowers, go 
find cow
feed flowers to cow, milk cow, bring milk to old lady, give milk to 
lady,
move mat, down, get rope, get bag, get chiped cup, or chip from cup 
something
go out to well, attach rope to axle, attach rope
to bucket, crank crank, remove rope from bucket, get bucket, remove 
rope from
axle, get rope, go back to woman, give woman bucket, say key, get key, 
go find
hill, search bushes, exa door, unlock door, search hole, attach rope to 
hook.
enter hole, find 3 switches and put stuff on them till they click,one 
is in 
guard room, one is west of the door that won't open under desk, and 
last one 
is in shaman statue the weasle, kill shaman, climb statue, enter cave, 
put 3
items in the hole or till it clicks, leave cave, climb on nose,climb 
down,if
you jump make sure your not carrying much or you die, get vile, fill 
vial with
liquid from statue,go south and southwest to dead end, search water, 
get dung
now find queen and her guards,  kill guards, kill queen, 
enter, and attack king, search toilet,exa paper, go back to old woman, 
say dig,
 give paper to woman, she gives a scroll back, find items on scroll, 
put vial,
broken cup, and dung in bag and give bag to woman, she makes a new 
vial, go north
where you saw the bear, and find deers, kill deer, climb tree, get 
acorn, acorn
will fall in bushes, get a stick, and search bushes with stick, get 
acorn(seed).
go back to where you found dung, and plant seed, or plant acorn, pour 
out vial,
and run out of caves fast or you die, tree will pop out of cave and 
send king 
high in the air, he comes down and will fight you, old woman is a witch 
that
will heal you if you get to her, the king shoves you around, if you 
leave area,
our die have to wait till reboot, kill king... you win.

42.  ( Not Done ) [  25 ]  Dragon Shell          Not solved this 
reboot.
43.  ( Not Done ) [  25 ]  Haunted Manor         Not solved this 
reboot.
Fantasy,Wforest,e,s,s,w,w,follow path,near end, search windows, open 
shudder
break window, climb through window,
44.  ( Not Done ) [  25 ]  Heart of the Cosmos   Not solved this 
reboot.
45.  ( Complete ) [* 25*]  Katin                 Not solved this 
reboot.
Go to George Weathermay in ravenlot, say journal, he gives you one, 
open journal
a key falls out, get key, go to katin area, east forest portal, 2n, 3e, 
n,walk
around,search tree in every room, secret exit, find woman, kill her.

46.  ( Complete ) [* 25*]  Larissa's Thingy      Not solved this 
reboot.
get mail from box,north,pick lock, kill cat burglar, get crowbar
pry open crate - get dynamite,ring bell, search laundry, search socks
search jeans - get quarter,search cabinet till you get wire coil
climb stairs, exa keyhole, get key,open door,clean fixture,
search drawer – get screwdriver,open right door,down,remove screws
remove grate,get object  - silver key,jump trampoline,unlock chest
open chest,peruse books - Book of Thiny Making,step on staircase
open left door, search shelf, search boxes, get key, out,south
give letter to Larissa, say combination, Larissa gives combo, 2 north,
unlock backdoor, enter combo, open backdoor,climb tree, 
insert quarter in slot, get apple,down, put dynamite in hole, 
light dynamite, door,(if you are in the room when the dynamite blows up 
you die)
search cabinet – get glue,2 south, west, open door, enter closet, 
search box, search papers - get scroll

TO MAKE A THINGY:	Coil of Wire
                   	Wood from Oak Tree
			Golden object – Blue Egg
                    	Glue to bind thingy
Read scroll
Give thingy to Larissa


47.  ( Complete ) [  25 ]  Nuke                  Not solved this 
reboot.
Science/enter/u/4n/d/9n/8e/se and you'll be near an oasis. 
Enter the oasis where you can and search sludge,Kill the sludge
search sludge,exa film,search film,d,push enter,enter,go all east
then one south, kill bandits,kill solder, exa desk,exa papers,
peruse papers,     
It should tell you where the test site is. 
(this changes ALL the time. Make sure you're looking for the right 
one.)
then go south and kill the soldier there. 
 Go to the doors in the eastern hallway and enter the middle one. 
Take the soldier hostage and he'll tell you where he hid the keycard.
Wass spills his guts and tells you he hid the
keycard at the test site in the tent.
He also tells you that the code for the launch is "10.22.74". 
Find the secret door leading south in the main hall
(should be before all the marked doors and is listed in the long room 
description). 
Search on the staircase for another key and unlock the next door. 
In the next hallway there's a door leading north.  That's the computer 
room. 
Go to the test site that you read about when you peruse papers,look for 
se exit
 and search around for the passkey, enter tent, search blankets
 When you get it go back to the computer room. 
Look at the wall and the plug, then plug the computer in. 
Insert passkey and then type the code. 
48.  ( Complete ) [  25 ]  Spire                 Not solved this 
reboot.

gotofantasy,wayhaven-wforest,e,s,s,say hello,(keyword spoils) get cube

gotofantasy,wayhaven-ice,6s,5w,exa shadow, enter spire

stairs, touch wall, get bark, exa engraving

up until s, sw (keep trying) exa blood, trace {symbol from engraving}

Back to core, up until e, e, say hi, say dying, say death, search sap,
get page(note?), read page
Back to core, down until door, punch door, say daughters, say name.
Back to core, leave spire, go .2s3wswsw4sws6ws5w say grus, say war,
say invasion, say spoils (you get a cube)
Back to spire (.2n9en2en2e6n4e), up until west, w, exa contraption,
exa bronze pipe, put cube in opening, wait, {get plant from skeleton}
Back to core, down until e, e, pick plant, say michael
Back to core, down until door, give plant to michael, give plant to 
michael
Back to core, all up, volunteer, exa {symbol from engraving}, bow
49.  ( Complete ) [* 25*]  Whodunit              Not solved this 
reboot.
Chaos,3e,5s,out2,walk around, when you see someone kill them, search 
stuff,
search waterfountain, drain fountain, get coin, find front door, search 
mat,
get key, unlock door, kill everyone except body and butler, search 
room, 
4 rooms have secret exits, a weapon is on the stairs when you go down 
in,
one of them, that is the weapon, give weapon, dime and clothing item of 
person to body, he will tell you what one is wrong and drop it and try 
again.

50.  ( Complete ) [  27 ]  Silver/Blue           Not solved this 
reboot.
Silver/Blue: Chaos/enter/n/climb tower/board balloon.  
First, map the entire area and find the players: 
Silver, Blue, Gold, Bronze, Grey, Rose, Green, Black
It's not that big, and there are no hidden entrances/exits.  
Bring some healy stuffs, fighing is harder than it says.
'If your good.
First go to Silver, n/9w from the 
balloon docks. Ask him about all the players, especially Green, say 
help.  
Find Green, he wanders around, but usually around the balloon docks.  
Ask him about all the players and the paragons.  
He'll ask you to get him a Peace Feather before he'll help you more 
(also ask about armour, nothing to do with the quest, but nice).  
Go kill a peace and give Green the feather.  He'll tell you to 
ask the paragons about Blue.  Wander around saying hi to every 
Paragon you see.  Eventually one will tell you what it saw and 
give you Hope.  Give Hope to Silver and ask him about all the 
players again.  Go talk to Gold (3e, 3s from silver), say help, 
he'll tell you to go see Bronze (from Gold: 4e, 9n, ne, climb, all up).
  Wait at the top for Bronze to show up (will take a minute or 2).  
Say help.  Bronze will ask you to go kill Grey (From Bronze, all 
down, sw, 6s, 3e, n, enter, all d.  Kill Grey and head back to Bronze.
  He'll take you on a flight to see Blue and give you proof.  
Return to Silver and give him proof.  Talk to him and agree to help 
him kill black.  Go 19e, 3s, kill guard, se, kill guard, sw, kill 
guard, enter, kill Black (let silver tank).  
(Paragon, Peace, Radiance, Timorous, Swoop, Snare, Shadow, Hostile, 
Impediment, Dismal, Gloom, Glimmer)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the peace feather. 
(Peace)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the impediment branch. 
(Impediment)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the radiance horn. 
(Radiance)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the hostile pelt. 
(Hostile)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the snare mud. (Snare)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the shadow material. 
(Shadow)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the paragon feather. 
(Paragon)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the swoop eye. (Swoop)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the timorous tail. 
(Timorous)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the glimmer globe. 
(Glimmer)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the dismal soul. 
(Dismal)

If your evil!!
Find Black,
Mournful (n)
Dark Black.
You say: hello                                                                
Black tells you: An intruder into Mournful, how strange.  Welcome to 
the
        castle of darkness, stranger.                                    
You say: silver                                                               
Black tells you: Silver!  That disgusting shining light, I would kill 
him
        if the prying eyes of the sky didn't always warn him of my
        coming!                                                          
You say: blue                                                                 
Black tells you: Blue?  I know not of her.  Or he.  Whoever it is.       
You say: green                                                                
Black tells you: Hunter Green?  He matters not.                          
You say: bronze                                                               
Black tells you: A puny dragon who bathes in the light.  He is of no
        consequence.                                                     
You say: grey                                                                 
Black tells you: Grey?  I know him not.                                  
You say: gold                                                                 
Black tells you: I don't know who you are talking about.                 
You say: silver                                                               
Black tells you: Silver!  That disgusting shining light, I would kill 
him
        if the prying eyes of the sky didn't always warn him of my
        coming!                                                          
You say: help                                                                 
Black tells you: You would help?  Then I will use you.  That blasted
        Silver drives back the Shadow.  I would kill him, but the sky
        eyes warn him whenever I get near.  Perhaps that strange Lady
        Rose knows something.                                            
You say: rose                                                                 
Black tells you: She's a strange one, but she might be of help.  They 
say
        she sees things, that which isn't there.  Perhaps she would 
know
        something about the sky eyes.                                    
You say: sky eyes                                                             
Black tells you: They see, the sky eyes, when I need to go unseen.  
Kill
        them all, and sightless will the light be.  

Lady Rose.
You say: help                                                                 
Rose tells you: I could help you now.  But I won't.  I'm all out of
        radiance powder, bring me some, and I'll give you some advice.             
say silver,say help,he says talk to rose,goto rose,say help,she will
help if you give her radiance powder, kill radiance,get horn,get 
impediment branch,
crush horn,
give powder to rose
Ok.
Rose tells you: Impressive, you actually came through.  So, a promise 
is
        a promise.                                                       
Rose tells you: Sky eyes, wasn't it?  Round here, they're more often
        called Swoops.  But folk are strange with names, especially 
dark
        folk.  That should help. 
Tchazzar dealt the killing blow to Swoop.
A defiant last screech rattles the clouds, Swoop crashes into the 
ground.
You feel less eyes upon you, but still they are there.
You feel stronger as you siphon some energy from your home plane.
'sightless
You say: sightless                                                            
> Black tells you: They see, the sky eyes, when I need to go unseen.  
Kill
Tchazzar dealt the killing blow to Swoop.
A defiant last screech rattles the clouds, Swoop crashes into the 
ground.
As you strike down Swoop, you feel the lifting of a veil.  The eyes
of the sky are no more, and Sightless is yours.

exa sightless
The skies are Sightless, their flying, ever-watchful eyes banished to
the plane of death.  Black will find this information most heartening.
> You feel stronger as you siphon some energy from your home plane.
give sightless to black
Ok.
Black tells you: Excellent, they see no more!                            
Black rushes out the door.
From outside, Black shouts: Argh!  Gettoff!
Black stumbles back in.
Black tells you: It's no good, all the light is against me.  It is 
beyond
        even you to provide me passage, surely.  It would take a true
        beast of the shadow.                                             
You say: beast                                                                
> Black tells you: Grey!  He may be able to help!  He is strong and 
true to
        the shadow.  Go to him.  Ask him for help.                       

Grey.
You say: black                                                                
> Grey hisses at you: He followsss the ssssame path asss we do.            
'help
You say: help                                                                 
> Grey hisses at you: Sssslay the ssshining bronze!  He sssavagesss the
        dark, wounding the shadow.  Kill him, and I ssshall help you.    
Tchazzar dealt the killing blow to Bronze.
Great wings folding in defeat, Bronze collapses across the stone nest,
chest heaving.  The moonlight seems to dim as the glimmer of wisdom in 
his
eyes dies out, the lord of the sky is dead.

Bronze crumbles to the ground, destroyed by your assault.
> 'help
You say: help                                                                 
> Grey hisses at you: Sssso.  It isss done.  I ssshall help you thisss
        once, in return.                                                 
Grey slithers upwards, leaving Forlorn.
Grey returns.
Grey hisses at you: I have cleared passssage into Majesssty.
Grey hisses at you: Black will want to ussse it.  Now go.
 give passage to black
Black tells you: You are a dark miracle.  I just need your help in
        finishing off Silver, and the shadows will reign supreme. 
Silver screeches in agony and falls to the ground, dead.
Tchazzar dealt the killing blow to Silver.
As Silver falls to yours and Black's blows, the shadows seem to draw
inwards, creeping under the door, in the window, down the chimney.  The
dark embraces the lifeless body of Silver, tarnishing the last of his
light, and drawing him into shadow.

Outside, the light screams in utter finality, defeated by the cloying
shadow at last.  The sound of a thousand lives extinguished, screaming 
in
agony as they are swept into the dark fills the air, and then is 
carried
away by the raucous jubilation of the creatures of the night.

Black tells you: At last, we triumph.  Thanks to you, Tchazzar,
    without your help that damned Silver might have beaten us.  As a
    sign of appreciation, I will open the Signal for you, though beware
    what lies through it.  Farewell now, I must return to Mournful.
Black leaves.




51.  ( Not Done ) [  27 ]  Van Richten           Not solved this 
reboot.


52.  ( Complete ) [* 30*]  Atlantis              Not solved this 
reboot.
Chaos: 3w,s,dive bucket????
'Kill what's there (you have to kill something before you can go s) 2) 
Type 
'take a bracelet' 3) Go 2 or 3n, (the room with 'pool' as an exit) and 
kill 
what's there, then type 'pool'. 4) Keep going down - you'll come to a 
whirlpool, then keep going down from there to until you come to 
something... (entrance to atlantis or something like that)... go north 
as 
far as you can go - enter the airlock. 5) type 'breath'... then wait, 
you'll be in the city of Atlantis. 6) Go north -- a guard will be 
guarding 
the palace.  Say 'monster' and he'll open the gate.  Type 'palace' (or 
perhaps 'gate' - whatever the exit is) 7) When in palace go north until 
you 
come to a place where you can go up. (I'll call this ROOM A for 
clarification) 8) From Room A, Go u,n,'search dresser','take 
key',s,e,'unlock door',e,u, and kill Diodorus and take the book. 9) Go 
back 
to Room A, go w,n and kill the cook.  Take the jar.  From Room A go 
u,s. 
10) In princess's room now... type 'get sea monkey' or 'get monkey from 
tank' or 'put monkey in jar' or something like that. 11) From Room A go 
s,e,d,'give book to guard',cell, then search around for Medusa.... when 
you 
find her kill her and take her head. 12) Go back to entrance to 
atlantis.  
(1s of guard).  Go to the west.  Search around -- there's a house where 
you 
can 'search' then go 's'.  The mayor will be there.  Kill the mayor, 
search, take the key, then go north a few times and then w.  Unlock
 the gate with they key, go w, and keep walking until you come to a 
room 
with the exit 'pool'. 13) pool, follow path... kill whatever is at the 
place where it says 'you can't go that way' or whatever... get the 
horn... 
go back to entrance to pool. 14) search,climb stalagmite (or 
whatever)..., 
follow until you come toanother entrance to the pool. 15) 'blow horn', 
Kraken will show up... go west then east again, and type 'hold head'.  
Kraken should turn to stone.  go into pool - type 'give jar  to 
princess' 
and then 'free princess' (or perhaps 'unlock chains').


54.  ( Not Done ) [  30 ]  Dragon Egg            Not solved this 
reboot.
55.  ( Complete ) [  30 ]  Hide and Seek         Not solved this 
reboot.
from the start of chaos:

1. 3e, 2s, 2e, n, 3e, n, 2w, 4n, enter

2. 2e, 2n, e, open refrigerator, you will get some bread

3. w, n, e, kill all the brooms

4. search wall, move panel, bow down in worship, kill commander, you 

will get some peanut butter

5. out, w, n, u, 2e, d, kill oj, search home plate, you will get a 

knife

6. go w and you will be back outside the house (going w hurts you for 

about 20hp, no big deal)

7. enter, nw, 2w, s, open dresser, you will get a ring, wear it

8. gaze into mirror, s, w, open refrigerator, you will get some jelly

9. 2e, slide on slide, n, knock door, kill vinnie, search bed, d, d, s

10. kill tun-gai, e, kill steve, search devices, you will get a 

toaster

11. w, n, u, u, s, 2e, se, 2e, 4n, u, nw, you will be at joe

12. make sandwich, and you will be in a truck. If you see a Burger, 

type tag matt.

56.  ( Complete ) [  30 ]  Shadowrun             Not solved this 
reboot.
Shadowrun: First: map Atlanta (in science) otherwise you'll get lost.
Find Mr Johnson in Atlanta.  He is located 2w, 2n, 2w from the subway 
entrance.

Speak to him about the quest, then follow these steps:


1. First, get the door remover in the gunshop on the south end of 
Avery Street by killing the guy in the 2nd room. (subway, 1w, 9s, 2w).


2. Activate the remover in the activator 5n and 4e, d from the subway 
entrance.

3. Go to the green lightning gang hideout (1w, 7s, 3e, s) 
and remove the door that is 2 south and up from the entrance.  Kill 
the leader for the passcard. He is 47k, but only has one attack.

4. 
Activate the passcard in the activator in the north east corner of 
town.
From the subway, 4n, 6e, 2n, e, s.

5. The go down to the parking garage
 (2e, n from subway) and go down to the 5th sublevel. In the northwest 
corner of the 5th level insert passcard.

6. Enter and kill the drone.
It will die easily.  Go past it and get the datachip.  Then get out 
of the garage.  

7. Go and activate the datachip in the 3rd activator, 
which you have not used yet.  It is located 7e from the subway.  
Then go and give the activated datachip to Mr. Johnson in the bar 
in the northwest part of town.
He will give you 10k coins and the qps.. (30)

58.  ( Not Done ) [  35 ]  Pub Crawl             Not solved this 
reboot.
59.  ( Not Done ) [  35 ]  Scavenger Hunt        Not solved this 
reboot.

63.  ( Complete ) [  40 ]  Hidden Treasure       Not solved this 
reboot.
Far off to the southwest you can see land.


1 - Captain's Bed - all aft, starboard door.

2 - Break Table - all aft, 1 fore, starboard door.

3 - Officer's Quarters - Armoire Downstairs

4 - Books in Library

5 - Loot Body of woman - all aft, port door.

6 -



glasses - search chest in guest quarters

Chest with latch = keys



Hidden Treasure: Fantasy/city portal/12n/exit/7n/8east/shore/n/2ne/swim 
vessel.
You need 6 pieces of parchment, glasses, and to climb the mast and scan 
horizon
to see where to sail. 
Mobs are around 20-30k.  The glasses: (from entry point) 5 aft/enter 
starboard 
door/pry panel (several times).  
The parchment pieces: (from entry point and then in order from each 
previous piece)
: 4 aft/enter port door/search chest (several times)/search false 
bottom/out/enter 
starboard door/search cabinet/out/all the way fore/search 
figurehead/kill mermaid
/get all.  
Now go to the lower deck (3 aft and down).  Go 2 fore/enter port door
/kill wraith/search basket/out/2 aft/kill shadow/get all/aft/enter 
starboard door
/search beds.  Arrange the pieces, wear the glasses, go all the way to 
the top 
and kill the captain, steer the ship till you hit land and then look at 
the map 
to find out where to go to dig. (40)



65.  ( Not Done ) [  40 ]  Kimlark               Not solved this 
reboot.
66.  ( Not Done ) [  40 ]  Miyu                  Not solved this 
reboot.
67.  ( Not Done ) [  40 ]  Ravenloft II          Not solved this 
reboot.
68.  ( Complete ) [  45 ]  Covenant              Not solved this 
reboot.
Vortex,4w,e,s,w,s,read book,3e,3n,w,search ichor,should get splints,
up,4n,kill sheriff,4n,4e,s,kill whoever,push crack,kill whoever,search 
pentagram
should get string,back to entrance w,exa doorknob,turn door knob, 
search chest,
should get a Penknife,5e,3n,e,ne,3e,n,kill guard,enter rv,search 
bar,get rubbing
alcohol,all south, all east,search thickets,follow secret exit to girl,
l at girl,immobilize the leg,stop circulation,sterilize (the) penknife,
cut swelling,suck poison,You pass out, awake and got 'Token of Heroism
With it go (from read book): n,w,n,d,all e,enter pipe,e,e,d,enter hole
Its a bit confuse now, search grooves each room and enter crack for 
each
successful search. Go further, kill King snake (chicken) and get key 
From Start: w, search desk, search compartment, unlock compartment wear 
ring


69.  ( Complete ) [* 45*]  Mortal Kombat         Not solved this 
reboot.
Chaos/2w/4n/gate/go 3 west into tea shop. Say "paper" and the Ancient
gives you a slip of paper that lets you into the samurai lair./
Go: 3e, 3n, 2a, s, alley, d, gate, and follow your way through the 
passageways... 
till you meet the head samurai guy/code words... say "white lotus", 
and he'll give you a ring. Wear the ring./Leave the samurai place/
go out of the alley, n, 2w, 3s, 2w, n, alley, 
kill yakuza, d, follow the passageways... sometimes you have to kill 
yakuza to get east.
When you see the head yakuza guy, kill him, get the kombat key.
Leave the yakuza place.. leave the alley, s, 2e, 3n, 2e, all the way 
south,
west, alley, kill ninjas, d, follow the passageways, kill the head 
ninja guy 
and you'll free Bruce Lee. Bruce will give you the karat medallion,
which allows you to get past the oriental dragon.
Leave the ninja place, leave the alley, go east, all the way north
2w, all the way south, 2w, all the way north, e, alley
go down, kill kano,cant cross pit yet... go back out.
you know where the record store is?....(4w/e/s/w/s/all east/enter)
from axl, go nw, there's a MK CD in the player
press play/n/2w/north until you can go west
free ninja(it's sub-zero), he'll give you a shard of ice
go back to the pit, and now you can cross it(just go north to cross it)
in the next room(the room is called "the pit"), you have to go into the
pit i can't remember the syntax, something like <enter pit>, <down>, 
<climb
down>, something like that...
(don't worry bout killing garo, you can go around him)
(the portal takes you to the same place that the cd does)
go back to sub-zero, go east 4 or 5 times, until you can go north a
bunch, go into the tower, and make your way all the way up
free kung lao, and watch the fireworks...
you don't even have to attack shang tsung, kung lao does the work for 
you

70.  ( Not Done ) [  45 ]  The Secret of Nimh    Not solved this 
reboot.
72.  ( Not Done ) [  50 ]  Boomer Crisis         Not solved this 
reboot.
73.  ( Not Done ) [  50 ]  Cernunnos             Not solved this 
reboot.
74.  ( Not Done ) [  55 ]  Ring of Power         Not solved this 
reboot.
75.  ( Not Done ) [  55 ]  The Project           Not solved this 
reboot.
76.  ( Not Done ) [  60 ]  Rutha-Al              Not solved this 
reboot.
77.  ( Not Done ) [  65 ]  Megatech              Not solved this 
reboot.
79.  ( Not Done ) [  70 ]  Prismatic Jewel       Not solved this 
reboot.
80.  ( Not Done ) [  70 ]  Seahaven              Not solved this 
reboot.
81.  ( Not Done ) [  73 ]  Kill Bahamut          Not solved this 
reboot.
82.  ( Complete ) [  75 ]  Mira                  Not solved this 
reboot.
Fantasy/EforestPortal/5W/enter/e/talk to nyette/get flower 
name/w/garden
shed/kill gardener/get rope/get shovel/leave 
cottage/5e/portal/portal/7w
3s/2e/2s/lookup flower name/lookup tapan/lookup natives of tapan/note 
the
native names of each of the animals/2n/2w/5s/e/charter tapan/3w/sw/s/
climb cliff/search nest/get chain for necklace/
tooth to make a necklace. there are 3 places to get the tooth.
        1) on the beach, search sand in all rooms on the beach.  
        2) search the skeleton that is 2e,2s from ferryman on tapan.  
        3) on the east side of tapan there are cliffs, one of them lets 
you 
climb down and go into a cave.  search the remains but don't touch the 
gems 
or gold or you'll get toasty fried. 6) depending on which tooth you 
got, 
the password for the temple guard will change, ie if you got the tooth 
from 
the beach, it will be the water password, lion tooth = rao, dragon's 
cave = 
zeilik or something. 7) go in and talk to the natiev leader she'll tell 
ya 
some stuff. go east of her and get the tea leaves and only the tea 
leaves. 
9) goto the witch doctor, from the temple guard 
he is e,3s, west for the swamp and he is on the western most part of 
the 
swamp. give the tea leaves to him and he'll tell you to get a certain 
colored snake to bite you. 
8) goto the west side of tapan, search the western most part and 
you'll find a secret exit northwest. once you go nw, after that first 
nw, 
go nw,sw,sw,sw,sw,nw,w and you'll be at the snake demon. kill the demon 
if 
you go west again you'll be ni a roo m with 6 colored tapan snakes...
get that snake 
to bite you by "kill <color> tapan snake"

10) now you get to make the tapan 
potion. blood is from the witch doctor, e,n,ne, kill mosquitos tail is 
from 
iguana you can find that fangs are from spider....also cake like forked 
tongue is from anaconda or boa...easy water comes in the cauldron al 
ready. 
beak is from toucan...shouldn't be too tough. tapan crystal is in 
rastafan's area.its on the first floor of the maze, all east,s,e,n 
about. 
make the tapan potion and you are practically done. 11) one more ting 
you'll need is the flower pot. from the temple guard it is n,2w, search 
pottery, get pot 12) goto the river on the sw side of the island.  go 
river 
and all the way south to the protector(will have to kill 1 jungle 
spirit to 
get past) note if you didn't get the proper tapan snake to bite you, 
you 
are gonna die in the river. 13) sprinkle potion on the protector. 14) 
climb tree 15) drop everything but the rope, the pot, and the shovel. 
(even 
guild items, no more fighting, but if you carry to much you die) 16) 
climb 
out to the branch 17) tie the rope to the branch 18) climb down the 
branch 
19) DIG up the flower, don't pick it 20) climb back up the tree 21) get 
off 
the branch, (leave the rope, it isn't important anymore) 22) go to mira 
and 
if ya have the flower in the flower pot, you get the qps ;)




83.  ( Not Done ) [  75 ]  Perplexus             Not solved this 
reboot.
84.  ( Not Done ) [  75 ]  Pyron                 Not solved this 
reboot.
85.  ( Not Done ) [  80 ]  Dragon Knight         Not solved this 
reboot.
87.  ( Not Done ) [  90 ]  Evil God              Not solved this 
reboot.
89.  ( Not Done ) [  92 ]  Balooga Falls         Not solved this 
reboot.
90.  ( Not Done ) [  95 ]  Wayhaven              Not solved this 
reboot.
91.  ( Not Done ) [ 100 ]  Balance               Not solved this 
reboot.
92.  ( Not Done ) [ 100 ]  Durskaen              Not solved this 
reboot.
93.  ( Not Done ) [ 100 ]  Epic                  Not solved this 
reboot.
94.  ( Not Done ) [ 100 ]  Keylon Crown          Not solved this 
reboot.
GotoBoats/charter serinth/Ferry to Keyloncia 3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/enter 
northgate
find queen/talk to her/she will give you seal/
95.  ( Not Done ) [ 100 ]  Miritar               Not solved this 
reboot.
Wforest,e,s,w,
96.  ( Not Done ) [ 100 ]  Ravenloft             Not solved this 
reboot.
Plain Text Attachment [ Download File | Save to Yahoo! Briefcase ] 

Qinfo (last updated 12/12/98)
The majority of these are written from memory so the exact syntax might 
not be included.  While there are directions for some of the quests, 
THERE ARE NO MAPS.  Those of us who did the quests on our own had to map 
and explore...SO SHALL YOU.  This is good for you because if you go 
through like a laundry list you WILL get popped for qinfo.  Numbers that 
aren't listed have been removed from the game.  Special thanks to all 
the people who helped by providing information on quests I haven't done.  
No names (for security reasons), but you know who you are.  Whenever 
possible I've added notes about possible death traps and toughness of 
mobs.  

1) Marbles: these are found all over the mud. See Marble List. (1qp 
each)
2) Tree: from cot: s/2e/2s/look at tree. (5)
4) Resource Crisis: newbie land, find the mirror with the oil field in 
it. Search behind the seat of the truck. In the tool shed, in the 
office desk and just everywhere. You need a digital multimeter and a pair of 
wire clippers. Then, after you have those, find the tower you can climb 
up. There's a device. Test each wire with the multimeter.  The one with 
the charge is the one you need to clip. (5)
5) Newbie Academy: from newbie bin, go s, d, n and enroll in the 
school.  Answer all the questions, they answers are all in help files and 
room descriptions.  Make sure you know the phone number to the White 
House. If you aren't a newbie, you can still do this quest. In the sewers of 
Pinnacle look for the newbie mice and you're on your way. (5)
6) Mack: find the duploland mirror in newbie land.  Find the bone 
somewhere in there.  You'll have to search around.  Give it to the dog, 
he'll give you a piece of a key.  Buy a donut and give it to the duplocop.  
Go into the jail cell and find the password (C1FB as far as I know).  
Take it to the bank and ask the teller for the box.  In it is the other 
half of the key.  Find the stepladder and go to the house and find the 
trapdoor leading up.  Go up, n, unlock door, open door, w and kill 
Mack. (5)
7) Free Cho: chaos/enter/4w/e/s/e. you need to activate the machine by 
pulling levers flipping switches, pushing buttons, etc.  Kill all the 
mobs you see in there.  Careful, as this is no wimpy.  After you kill 
all of them, eventually you'll see Dr. Cho. Type 'free Cho' and finish 
killing the mobs. Then you're done! (5)
8) Codename Kodiak: in newbie land, find the battletech mirror and go 
in. go nw/nw/e/nw/nw/nw and go into the elevator shaft. Go up and talk 
to the guy. Then, go back down into the elevator, and then search the 
boards. Go down and talk to the guy there, he'll give you a helmet. Wear 
the helmet and go u/se/se/se/w/se/sw/se/sw/and search trees. You'll see 
a hidden exit ONLY if you wear the helmet. Go kill Kodiak. (5)
9) Chop Tree: you need an axe and some patience for this one.  Search 
all the rooms in each of the mirrors with your trusty axe.  You'll find 
an old oak tree.  When you find it, just type 'chop tree' and you're 
done. (5)
10) Bug: No qinfo for this one.  The mosquito flies around pinnacle and 
everyone is free to attack it.  It can take massive amounts of damage, 
so dedicate some time for this.  It will randomly leave to another 
place in Pinnacle, and might just port you somewhere else randomly.  Only 
problem I can find is getting it after it's gone into the cemetery. (5)
11) Bbn Planet: chaos/2w/lift manhole cover/n/kill tech (5k)/search 
wall/kill tech (5k)/plug DCR.NET cable into lower server (5)
12) Zetron: Fantasy/city portal.  Go 2n/w/enter stall and buy a medium 
sized ladder.  Go 3 or 4 east from that stall and enter the next one 
and buy incense.  Go to the portal and search portal, retrieve seal. Then 
go 7w/6s/3w/s and find the shrine to Zetron. Burn incense, pray, return 
seal. (10)
14) Spaceport: chaos/enter/2n/w/u/board shuttle/pull lever like 4 
times.  Go to the desert and find the fremen. Kill them and get the comb.  
Comb desert.  Go n from there and blow up the death star and kill the 
emperor.  Get his heart. Then find the statue and search the statue. Go 
inside the little gift shop thing and buy an amulet/medallion. Go back 
out to the statue and practice on it. Or raise statue. I don't recall, 
but toy around with it. Then go s to where there's a creature. Kill 
Vader and get HIS heart. Go back to yoda and give the 2 hearts to yoda. 
(10)
15) Save Grandma: chaos/all s/ne. You'll be in a forest. Search every 
room for a red cloak. Wear the cloak and go to the house in the 
northeast corner. Knock on door. Kill the wolf and open closet. (10)
16) Sarkath Khan: fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/8n/5w/2n/path/enter. 
Order room/order beer/sit/give beer to zarkoff. Listen to his story, go 
upstairs, and then sleep in your room. Then look at the map and go to 
the cave. Inside the cave go n, ne, nw and kill the mobs. Open the coffin 
once they're dead and 'free Sarkath khan' (10)
17) Rampart: fantasy/city portal/15e/exit/16e/2s/sinkhole.  Pray, 
accept_challenge, the answers are compassion, heart, mind, forgiveness, 
understanding, love.  Go out, and get back to the sinkhole.  Give soulgem 
to figure. (10)
18) NY Mugger: science/enter/u/2e/d/board train. When you get to NY 
wander around till you find the mugger and kick his fucking ass! (10)
19) Nightmare: chaos/enter/w/7n/w/n/search bed/sleep in bed.  Find the 
classroom (all e/all s). From there you need to get the following: box 
of chocolates (tray in cafeteria), art (art room), love letter 
(locker), binaca blast (principal), gift (bully's jacket pocket). Then go all 
n/e/s to your ideal mate. Give them all to her except the blast. Push 
button to get a minty breath. Kiss her (10)
20) Lothlarian: This has changed.  The only info I have for the new way 
is this: enter mirror/s/search trees/w/s/w/w/s/s/w kill the three 
Phoenix Guards then go north.  Kill general then search papers several times 
until is says something about the shrubs being the weak point of the 
defenses/e/n/search shrubs/n/e/n/e/e/s/s/s/skill ghost and enter fort.  
n/n/n/d/enter darkness kill arkhan and get standard.  
nw/u/s/s/out/n/n/n/n/w/w/s/w/s raise standard.  This will only work if you're evil. (10)
21) Gameshow: chaos/enter/2e/all n.  This one is random, and there are 
a few gameshows.  The ones it can be are price is right, wheel of 
fortune, and $10,000 pyramid.  To get to the pyramid you have to go to 
family feud, get to the final round, kill Richard Dawson and search wall. 
Price is right you just go in, kill bob barker, kill contestant, and spin 
the wheel.  Common answer on WoF is 'Cancer the tradesman', though this 
changes. (10)
22) Djinni: fantasy/city portal/all e/leave/all e/4n/2e/look at 
water/swim in ocean/ocean/look for the se corner or thereabouts.  You'll have 
to go east about 10 times before it puts you on an island.  Search sand 
until you find a bottle.  Open the bottle and you get sucked in, 
becoming a newbie with NOTHING until you finish it or leave.  Find the guard, 
kill him, get his stuff, and enter the palace.  Climb the stairs and 
find the Djinni.  Go back down, north.  Kill the guy and get the sword 
from him.  Go back upstairs and give it to the Djinni. (10)
23) Disney: find the mirror that has the small coastal town in it.  Go 
to the west until you can go south.  Then go all south and all west 
until you find Doc at the mine.  Say diamond and he'll give you a pickaxe.  
Swing pickaxe in every room of the mine until you find the diamond, 
then go back to where you went south.  Head all west to the house in the 
forest and go in.  Give the diamond to Snow White and say mirror.  
She'll give you a mirror, then go out and give the mirror to the old woman.  
She drops the award, pick it up and go back to the mirror.  Head south 
and check out the first house to the west.  Inside is Mickey, give the 
award to him. (10)
24) Destroy Barney: Chaos/enter/w/all s/all e/n.  This has been 
changed.  As soon as I figure it out... (10)
25) Arcanarton: Fantasy/road portal.  Go south and all west until you 
find an exit leading sw.  Go sw and you'll be at the tower.  Go up the 
tower to the very top, where you'll find Arcanarton.  Careful of the 
followers.  They're about 20k aggro and four in a room can hit you for 
over 200 points of damage in a single round.  Arcanarton is at the top, 
30k-35k, non-aggro, non-hunting wimpy safe.  Kill him.  There is also a 
marble here (see marble list for details). (10)
26) Perfection: Chaos/enter/4w/e/s/w/s/2e/n.  Enter warehouse/tease 
flower/kill tulip/kill nail/get everything/enter imperfect panel/kiss 
glass/lick film/ride particles/tease flower/enter imperfect 
panel/qwerty/lick film/ride particles/tussle flower/kill nail/kill tulip/get 
nothing/taste experience/conduct experiment/caress tulips/be perfect/do 
nothing/tease flower/enter perfect panel/up/enter heart/die/return 
nothing/somewhere/tussle flower/taste experience/climb ladder/return everything.  
You're on your own to get out.  I found that if you reverse some of the 
above steps you eventually get back out. (12)
28) Hobgoblin: Fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/all n.  Take the path and 
enter the cave.  Go all north once inside to the stream.  Jump over 
stream and search the bones. Go back and head west till you can go up.  Go 
up and kill the kid with knife.  Get the knife.  Go back down twice and 
head south to find the crazy hobgoblin.  Give the knife and the bone to 
him and he gives you a flute.  Go west and find the hobgoblin priest.  
Play flute and the priest will die. Get the amulet and leave.  Go back 
to the city portal and go 7 west and then south.  Search around near 
the Shrine to Zetron for the Tower of Zalusta.  Enter the tower, say 
Zalusta, go all up, go south and give the amulet to Zalusta. (15)
29) Alphabet: Chaos/enter/2e/d.  Kill the letters to spell the word 
HELICOPTER.  You only need one E.  Make sure you have one of the items 
other than a letter from one of the kills.  The letter R is in a hidden 
room.  Once you have all this, go back to the H room and 'spell 
helicopter'.  Note that if you leave the area for any reason before you spell 
helicopter that you have to do it all over again. (15)
30) Waldo: Chaos/enter/4w/2e/w.  You should be in Waldo's house.  Find 
the closet and search around.  You'll find a hole on the shelf.  Type 
'in' to go through it.  Walk like Waldo.  When you see the real Waldo, 
say waterworld and shake his hand. (20)
31) Frozen Dude: Fantasy/road portal/4e/7n/touch statue.  Find the 
lumberjack and kill him.  Grab his axe and wander into the forest there and 
chop tree.  Get the log and enter the cave.  Make sure to map it and be 
in verbose mode.  In one of the rooms with the dark hairy beast there's 
a dude frozen in the crystals if you search.  Light log and thaw dude.  
(20)
32) Free Stag: Go to Medlar (Fantasy/road portal/3e/4n) and find the 
throne room with the King and his guard.  Kill both of them and move 
stand.  Go down and kill the griffin.  Get the gem north of the griffin. 
(All these mobs are about 30k but can hit really hard).  From the king, 
go s/all e/u/w/s/e and kill the lady.  Get her gem.  Then go s/all w/all 
d/s/2e/s from the king. Kill the guard and get the key.  Go into the 
cell and kill the thief.  You should now have all 3 gems.  Go back to the 
courtyard and look around.  Find the gargoyle that says something about 
stones, and follow the order it lists otherwise you'll be seriously 
fucked (I mean it).  Go through the secret exit and follow the tunnel till 
you go up.  Go up and type 'free stag'.  (20)
33) Ebonbane: To enter barovia go from forest portal: s/s/sw/w/nw. 
Enter mist and wait for nightmare to appear. Kill nightmare/get 
phylactery/wear phylactery/in. Now you are outside of barovia. If you want back to 
the portal from here: enter the mist: go e and n (I think).  From mist 
go: n/nw/n/ne/n/nw. You are now at Barovia entrance.  From Barovia 
entrance go: n/ne/n/10w/s/3sw/6w/nw/2w/sw/as far w as you can. You will now 
stand in a cloak room. Go: n/e/search/get key/w/n/e/u/se/get key.  Then 
back to the cloak room. Then sw/2nw/w/s/get key/n/e/2s/w/s/kill 
spirit/deal with corpse/get key.  Back to cloak room and 2n/w/d/w. Simply 
arriving in the final room solves the quest. (20)
34) Dragon Egg: go the 1st level of the underdark, on the east side 
follow the passage south to the vortex that opens to the dragon area.  
Kill the guardian dragon, then go 
sw/2w/2n/w/s/w/s/w/n/w/n/w/2n/e/s/2e/n/w/3n/e/n/2e/s/e/n/2e. There you will fight The Guardian of the Future, 
Tiranor.  So named because he protects the dragon egg.  You'll have to 
kill him. He's over 1.5 million (Finger Windward.) Beat him down, 
somehow.  Now go east again, search the nest, get the egg. Run to the rabbit 
hole where Cae is and give him the egg. (20)
35) Whodunit: Chaos/enter/all e and turn south at Jag's.  Find the mist 
(exit1, exit2) and exit2. Go all s/e to the courtyard, then find the 
front door.  Search mat for the key and let yourself in.  Wander around 
inside and kill each mob in there except the butler and the ghost of 
Body.  Each person will have an item, and search each room until you find 
a weapon and a room item from each room with a mob in it.  There are 
some outside too (the rock in the courtyard, the dime in the fountain, 
and Mr. Grey in the Gazebo.)  The get all of these items and go to Body.  
Give him an item from a room, a person, and a weapon.  He'll tell you 
what's wrong.  Keep giving him items until you get it right. (25)
36) Spire: no info
37) Nuke: Science/enter/u/4n/d/2n/3e/6n/7e/3n/e/se and you'll be near 
an oasis.  Enter the oasis where you can and search. Kill the sludge.  
Search again and go down.  Go all east once inside and then south.  Kill 
the bandits and the soldier.  Search desk. Peruse papers. It should 
tell you where the test site is.  (this changes ALL the time. Make sure 
you're looking for the right one.) then go south and kill the soldier 
there.  Search his desk and get the key.  Find the secret door leading 
south in the main hall (should be before all the marked doors).  Search on 
the staircase for another key and unlock the next door.  In the next 
hallway there's a door leading north.  That's the computer room.  Go to 
the test site that you read about and search around for the passkey. 
When you get it go back to the computer room.  Look at the wall and the 
plug, then plug the computer in.  Insert passkey and then type the code.  
(I think you need to find the radio officer upstairs and take him!
!
 hostage to find the code). (25)
38) Haunted Manor: Fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/8n/w. Follow the path 
until it ends.  Find the window, and open shutter/open window/climb 
window then go s/e and go upstairs. Go w/n/examine ceiling/pull lever. Go 
2s and kill the guy and get dagger.  Go south again and smash amulet 
and kill the guy.  He summons imps, so run north and kill them before he 
summons enough to kill you. (25)
40) Attrition!: (25)
41) Van Richten: In Fantasy go s/sw/w/nw from forest portal and enter 
mist.  kill nightmare, get the phylactery and wear it.  Then go 
northward till you get past the sign and can go west.  go west till you find 
van rich, nod to him and go all w then e/s/4sw/8w/nw/n/3w/sw/2w/2n/steps, 
unlock door.  now you need a match: search jacket in main room, it's on 
the coat rack, get box of matches, and light match.  next you need the 
keys.  To get the first is look at stairs, look at banister, look at 
ball, move ball.  go east arch(maybe west, can't remember).  in one of 
the arches there are like 6 aggro dudes, but you can just stop combat on 
em, in study look at ashes, or search ashes, its in the fireplace.  
then go upstairs and then go westroom.  look at the drawer and move panel 
or something, then go door eastroom now you need the fetters.  open 
closet in spare bedroom and search closet, get bear.  go back to kitchen 
where the aggros are/were, go to pantrydoor
look at shelves, search shelves, move panel, reach into hole and you 
should get an axe.  leave immediately or a swarm of rats will attack you.  
then go to door3. immediately go stairs and unlock chest.  You should 
get the dress, then search pile/get shovel/unlock door/door/smash brick.  
an aggro 40k priest with 3 attacks comes out.  you need to get holy 
water and rites from him.  after he is dead and you get the stuff dig in 
this room and then room with ghost of a man, you should find a skull, if 
not you need to go back to the front door and go steps, dig there and 
the room north, when you find skull, ignore the skull for a bit, go back 
to child, with bear in hand, burn bear, then go back downstairs past 
the shadow and burn axe, then go to dining room and burn dress, then go 
back to skull and sprinkle water then SPEAK, must be speak, say won't 
work, the magic words are from 'peruse rites'.
42) Shadowrun: First: map Atlanta (in science) otherwise you'll get 
lost.
43) Katin: First find George Weathermay, but don't attack him. From 
forest portal, go: 2s, sw, w, nw, enter mist (to enter ravenloft) George 
Weathermay is in the forest south-west of barovia. So, once you've gone 
in, go:n,nw,n,ne,n,nw,n,ne,n,10w,s,4sw,6w... George hangs around here, 
particularly at the goblin camp just to the south. Mention the journal, 
and he gives it to you. Open it, and a key drops out. Get the key, and 
read the journal. Go back to forest portal.  From forest portal, go: 
3e, 5n, ne, search.  Follow the northern path to the hidden cemetery. In 
the northwestern part of the cemetery is a tomb. Enter the tomb, unlock 
the door. go down to the crypts. In the southern part of the crypts is 
a wight.  kill it and get the key it carries. Go to the northern wall 
of the crypts, where you'll find a door about 1/2 way along the wall. 
Unlock the door. Go north and kill the zombie lord. (30)
44) Hide And Seek: *Warning: you must have a 30 str when doing this 
quest!* Chaos/enter/3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/4n/enter.  Go 2e/3n/e and kill the 
brooms.  Search wall/move panel/bow down in worship/kill commander and 
get the jar.  2w/2n/u/2e/d and kill OJ, search plate, get the knife.  
E/enter/nw/2w/s and open dresser, wear ring, gaze into mirror/s/w and 
open refrigerator.  Go 2e and slide on slide/n/knock on door/kill 
vinnie/search bed/2d/s/kill tun-gai/e/kill Steve/search devices and get the 
toaster.  Then go w/n/2u/s/2e/se/2e/2n/e and open the refrigerator (if 
your strength is lower than 30 you won't be able to open it).  Go w/2n/u 
and search carpet.  Go nw, make sandwich, give sandwich to Joe and tag 
Matt.  (30)
45) Atlantis: Fantasy/road 
portal/16e/3n/3e/enter/d/se/2sw/se/search/n/take bracelet.  Then go s/ne/e/n/w and kill the Cyclops.  Search bones, 
get bone and go e/n/w/nw/sw/e/pool/4d/n/portal/breathe/2n/2w/look at 
the lamppost and the paper, read the notice and go west.  Give bone to 
merdog/search/se/kill mayor/search and get the key.  Go nw/5e/s and 
search tank, get book and go n/2w/2s/e and say quest, say kraken, and say 
notice.  Go palace/n/w/play song/fix key/nw/u/search boxes/get horn.   
Then go d/se/e/3n/w/search papers/push button/nw/u and search accessories 
and get the mirror.  From here, go d/se/3e/n/u/w/s and fix photograph 
then go 2d and get jar.  Head 2u/n/e/n and get monkey from tank.  Head 
s/d/s/2w/2s/3e and search gear then get the lasso.  Go 3w/s/e/n/d and 
give book to guard.  Go cell/e/nw/e/w/se/s/e/sw/w and then kill medusa, 
get her head.  Go e/ne/w/n/out/u/s/w/2s/w/2n/3e/2n and unlock the gate, 
go n/e/n search and lasso stalactite.  Climb lasso then head n/w a!
!
nd blow horn, hold head, pool and give jar to princess and free 
princess.(34)
46) Scavenger Hunt: I can only give hints at how to do this quest. Look 
in your guild box/equipment room, look at Cancer's, and watch the 
auction line.  Each list is randomized and some of the items are so bizarre 
that you might never find them.  Make sure you watch capitalization.  
The item MUST match EXACTLY as it is on your list. (35)
47) Pub Crawl: I don't know where all of the pubs are.  Therefore, here 
is as complete a list as I can provide.  If you know of others that are 
not on this list, please email me with directions and the name!  I 
update my list as often as possible. (35)
     Chaos Pubs (all directions from vortex)
          Barker's Bar: 3e/2s/2e/n/9e/n
          Burdog Saloon: 3w/5s/e
          Crydee Village Pub: 4w/e/s/w/s/2e/u/2n/2d/enter/s/2e/4n
          Dolen's Inferno: 3e/2s/2e/n/8e/3n/rent/sleep/dream(drops you 
randomly, find the scummy alley)/u
          Gug Butcher Shop: (????)
          Kyoto: Find the Strange Boy that wanders Chaos. 'trace 
symbol' then go left/right/
          forward/forward/forward/forward/left/forward/right/forward
          Moe's Tavern: Find the TV that wanders Chaos. Enter 
tv/3w/enter
          Reservoir Pub:
          Revelwood Pub: 3e/2s/2e/4n/break arch/say land/w/2nw/n/say 
                                   aliara/climb 
vine/2u/sw/nw/w/u/2e/sw/se
          Roadhouse Bar: 4w/e/s/w/s/read book/3e/5n/3w/n
          Starbucks: 3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/3n/3w
          Tea Shop: 2w/4n/gate/3w
          Tropical Tavern: 3e/2s/e/n
          Willie's Waterhole: 3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/2n/4e/2n/3e
     Fantasy Pubs (Portals: PR = Road, PC = Wayhaven [City], PF = 
Forest)
          Bacchus: PC/12n/leave/4n/9w/sleep/gate/5e/2n/2e
          Blood on the Vine: PF/2s/sw/w/nw/enter 
mist/n/nw/e/3n/nw/n/ne/n/7w/n/e
          Crown's Pub: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/enter south 
gate/2n/e
          Deep Mountain: PF/5w/6s/5e/8s/2w/s/3d/3n/nw/3w/7s/3e/se enter 
hole/s
          Dragon's Den: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/n/enter town/4n/
                                ne/enter traveler/push 3/leave/n/e
          Egon's: PC/12n/leave/8n/5w/2n/path/enter
          Elven Spirit: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/n/enter 
town/4n/ne/enter 
       traveler/push 2/leave/5e/s/w
          Golden Nugget: PR/4w/2n/path/gates/5n/e/s/w
          Jerusalem Pub: PR/w/2n/u/summon (Pegasus)/mount/kick/3n/e/2n
                                 /enter/4n/3w/pub
          Kaynbee: PC/12n/exit/8n/3w/2n/nw/ne/u(harafin)/cave/trace 
  symbol/u/out/e/n/d/4w/2s/w
          Lazarian: (????)
          Meat Market: PC/12n/leave/5n/16e/2s/bow led/4s/e
          Mystic Inn: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/3e/enter city/3s/w
          Pirate's Hole: (????)
          Razorin (Swampy Drinks): 
PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/e/4s/7w/3s/3w/enter 
    city/3s/e/s/2e
          Tabard Inn: PC/12n/leave/8n/3w/n/enter
          Tall and Short of It: PC/5e/5n
          Tavern of the Catacombs: PR/7e/n/d/n/e
          Titan's Tomb: PC/15e/leave/3s/w/board/2s/9e/2s/e/9s/e
          Troll Fodder: PR/w/2n/enter/3n/w/4n/2w/2s
          Underdark Pub: PF/5w/6s/5e/8s/2w/s/3d/s/3e/enter/n
          Undersea Pub: PR/16e/3n/3e/enter/d/se/2sw/se/search/n/take a   
                                
bracelet/s/nw/ne/nw/e/pool/4d/n/portal/breathe/2n/4e
          Wayhaven: PC/8e/3s/se/4s/e
          Winter's Haven: PR/8w/2n
     Science Pubs (all directions from inside portal)
          Angel's: (????)
          Bar Car of the Musicland Express: (????)
          Bill Bond's Tavern: (????)
          Dead Hawaiian: u/2e/s/d/board train/out/u/2w/2n/w
          Deevers: 2u/board shuttle/out/4w/4n/enter 
shuttle/out/5w/d/2w/
                        sw/nw/n/nw/n/nw/n/ne/enter/s
          Grav Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/s/w/enter pod/2u/2e
          Mos Eisley Cantina: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/n/w/enter 
pod/3n
          Spacing Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/n/enter pod/d/e/n
          Syderman's Drink Shop: u/2e/n/board train/out/n/2d/s/ne
          Techno Karyoke Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/4s/board 
shuttle/exit/n/enter 
        train/out/3n/2w/n/w
          Zero-G Club: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/4d/2n/2w
50) Ravenloft2: Ok the first part of the quest is you have to kneel at 
donavich (assuming you know where donavich is, just ask if you don't) 
Get all the stuff. Then you have to find the gypsy in the forest west of 
Barovia.  Then at the gypsy kill the golem, and open the door. Don't 
nod to the gypsy, pray. She will port you to another area. Only one per 
reboot gets it. You are on your own. You also have a time limit: the 
hour-glass.  Go: enter/e/s/w/search organ/w/s/e/get 
invitation/w/n/e/e/n/w/w/ne/se/e.  Watch the wedding and killing until it says that you 
remember the relics and have to get them quickly before Strahd does.  Go: 
w/nw/sw/enter/e/e/e/e/get all Kill Strahd as fast as you can, then go all 
the way west and pray. (40)
51) Miyu: This is the only one I'm providing a map for. Look for a boy 
wandering around chaos.  look at him, type: trace symbol, and you're in 
the Miyu area.  Map of Kyoto: 
           *-*-*-*-T 
            |
     I     *
     |      | 
    *-A *
     |      | 		*=just a room
 *-*-*-*   	S=Start 
         |  | 		H=House entrance
        * *     * 	L=Library 
            |      | 	A=Armour 
           *-*-*-L 	T=temple 
            |		 I=Inn
H-*-*-*
            |
           * 
            | 
           *-S-*
The directions to this area take a while to get used to: they aren't n, 
s, e, w.  Instead it uses left, right, forwards, backwards, and the 
orientation depends totally from what direction you entered the room from. 
You'll get used to it. Go to H on the map. Search houses, enter house.  
Once inside house, search debris. You'll find a mirror, which the boy 
in the house will take. Kill boy, get mirror.  Also look at the picture 
on the wall here. Go out, and go to L on the map. Search the records, 
and you find a diary. Kill the boy here (he takes the diary before you 
can).Read the diary.. it gives some history to the quest.  Go to T.. 
this is where the vampire Miyu is. Go back one space from her. Drop all 
your gear.  Then go back into the temple. Say hi, and she asks if she can 
bite you. Say yes, then type: bite me.  She bites you, and reduces you 
to 1 hp.  When she bites you, she also makes you drop everything you 
were carrying, and she takes it. This is why you drop your stuff i!
!
n the other room. Heal yourself. get your gear, and then go to the 
Armor (marked A on map). Look at the mirror. Use mirror. Type: use mirror 
on armor. Then kill the armor.  This armor is tough... but you can't 
kill it at all unless you use the mirror on it first, and have been bitten 
by Miyu.  When Armor is dead, sever head from corpse. get head.  Go 
back to H, enter house, place head in picture. (40)
52) Kimlark: Fantasy/forest portal/3e/se/4e/n (go to Kimlark).  
3w/4s/look at cliff, climb cliff/2s/u/3w/n/u/w/3n/w. Kill guards, look at the 
oil painting then enter it.  Enter cottage and request a story from the 
old woman.  Leave the painting and go back e/3s/2e and kill the thief.  
Go ne/n/e.  DO NOT GO DOWN. Kill the guards, search the rocks, and 
enter the cave. Go down and the Gnome Warlord is east (he's major trouble. 
Get help killing him).  Get the amulet from  his backpack. Go back to 
the oil painting and go north.  Move the grate and you end up in a maze.  
Map it.  By wearing the gnome's amulet most of the other gnomes will 
let you pass.  Kill the dragon and get the key, then go se and search 
dung.  Go d/3e/s/e/n/e/2s/3e/s/3w/s/2e/s/2w/s.  You can't go back north.  
Continue 3e/n/e/s/e and unlock the door, then go north and kill the 
Minotaur.  Get the crystal from him.  Go s/w/n/w/s/2w/search and climb 
cleft.  Go back to the dragon's room and go up.  Go back to the cas!
!
tle's throne room (2e from the oil painting).  Sit on throne and place 
crystal in chest. (40)
54) Hidden Treasure: Fantasy/city portal/12n/exit/8n/4e/5n/2nw/swim 
vessel.  You need to get a lot of different things.  The glasses: (from 
entry point) 5 aft/enter starboard door/pry panel (several times).  The 
parchment pieces: (from entry point and then in order from each previous 
piece): 4 aft/enter port door/search chest (several times)/search false 
bottom/out/enter starboard door/search cabinet/out/all the way 
fore/search figurehead/kill mermaid/get all.  Now go to the lower deck (3 aft 
and down).  Go 2 fore/enter port door/kill wraith/search basket/out/2 
aft/kill shadow/get all/aft/enter starboard door/search beds.  This might 
or might not be 100% accurate, because I seem to recall having to smash 
the glass on a table for a piece.  Arrange the pieces, wear the 
glasses, go all the way to the top and kill the captain, steer the ship till 
you hit land and then look at the map to find out where to go to dig. 
(40)
56) Cernunnos: Go to the Wayhaven library and look up Cernunnos and 
runes.  Go north and east of Wayhaven and find the druidic stones there 
(you'll be able to go up), in the center of the stones there's a stone, 
get the stone look at it and rub it. Kill this incarnation of Cernunnos 
- Cernunnos is the Celtic leader of the hunt.  Okay, now go to the 
Cernunnos area (east forest portal/e/4s/w/2s/w/s there's a priest 
somewhere down there.  Get into the forest and climb to the top of the hill 
(you'll notice the path you follow runs in a circle, keep trying to go 
directions into the circle to go up the hill).  To get out of the 
forest you'll have to find a path at the bottom of the hill that leads south 
back to the entrance, it'll be hidden as well. Go to the top of the 
hill, look at the runes on the stones you pass and try and make head or 
tales of them.  At the top of the hill you'll have to rub your stone 
again and fight an incarnation of Cernunnos, this time though you get a 
sword and helmet when you kill him.  Then you gotta figure out wtf the 
symbols mean and do something to finish the quest.  Don't try leaving the 
area.  After you rub the stone at the top of the hill the Hunt 
begins, and you'll be fighting tons of dumb mobs, hacknslash is 10/10. 
(40)
59) Mortal Kombat: (45)
60) Covenant: Chaos/enter/4w/e/s/w/s/read book. You're now in the 
Covenant area.  I had the old qinfo to this, but since it got recoded I 
haven't been able to figure it all out.  This is what I know so far: 
3e/10n/w. Kill the nurse and search the medicine cabinet for the splints. Go 
e/2s/3e/2n/w/search box and get the twine. Then go 
e/2s/3w/5s/e/ne/7e/5s/3w and get the knife.  The alcohol is in one of the RVs in the park.  
Once you get all this, find the instructions for how to deal with a 
snakebite, find the girl, and do what the instructions tell you to do.  Go 
search the corral in Covenant's house, find the stream and enter the 
tunnel.  Keep wandering through searching the grooves in each room until 
you find the snake king.  Kill him and get the key, go back to 
Covenant's house and search the desk.  You'll find a locked drawer, unlock it 
and get the ring, then wear it. (45)
62) The Project: Enter Science, go all the way north through Houston 
and out into the wastelands then go: n, and about 5 or 6 w, then north 
into Nanook's desert area.  Go a couple north and west until you see a 
compound (it's a small area, so it won't take you long to find it).  
Enter the compound and then go all the way north to the shuttle to Mars.  
There is a messenger here that you can speak to. Ask him about Mars and 
mines and stuff. Go to the shuttle, enter it and go to Mars.  On Mars 
you're inside a large covered colony. Map it. The shuttle is in the most 
north eastern part of the colony. The areas aren't really very big, so 
it won't take you long to map it. From the shuttle, go:2 sw, w, sw, w, 
d, 2w, sw, nw, n, nw, n, ne, n, enter massage parlor. You can speak to 
the woman at the back by the stairs.  Go up the stairs and into a room 
with a woman in it. If she has a passcard then kill her and get it. If 
she doesn't then you'll need to look around on wandering workers fo!
!
r one.  Leave the massage parlor, go back s, sw, s, se, s, se, then go: 
sw, 2s, and into the large plaza area.  Wander around here until you 
find a tourist with a camcorder. Kill them and get it. You'll need the 
camcorder to record what you see down in the mines.  In the north east 
part of this plaza is the news office, where you'll need to take the info 
you get to solve the quest.  Find the secret genetics lab.  From where 
you entered on the shuttle, go: 2sw, w, nw, n, w, and use the elevator 
to go down. Wander about in the mines until you find a door with a card 
reader. You'll need to use the passcard that you got to open the door 
and enter the lab.  If you can't find the door in these mines, then try 
the mines on the surface of the planet. First buy an environment suit 
from the shop in the south east area of the plaza. If you leave the 
colony without it then you'll die. Wear the suit!  Then go to the airlock 
in the sw area of the plaza, and go out on to the surface of the p!
!
lanet. From here, go: 5w, 2n, e (hidden exit)and into the mines here. 
Once you enter the lab, immediately attack the scientist here(Dr. 
Gnolwright). Kill him. He'll summon orderlies to attack you, so if you have 
some sort of calming power then use it.  Once he's dead, then go east 
into his office. Search through the computer stuff. Search disks until 
you find one that looks important. Get disk.  Then go back west, n to a 
pit. Look at the pit full of bodies.  Start recording on the camcorder 
(the description tells you how).  Stop recording again. Then go back to 
the news woman in the plaza in the colony.  She'll immediately take the 
objects that you have. (55)
64) Ring of Power: Go to the zoo in chaos. From Da Void, it's n, w, n, 
and then search around a bit.. it's near the hide and seek quest. Enter 
the zoo, go 3n into zookeeper's house. Move the rug and get the key to 
open the drawer in his desk. Get the journal and read it all.  Go s, 
4w, s, sw, w, kill polar bear, get feather.  Go e, ne, 4n, enter tree, 
kill lion, get horn.  Leave the tree, go 2s, nw, w, kill panther, get 
tail.  Go e, se, s, enter house, kill zookeepers. Clean mirror, gaze 
mirror. You are transported to place with a maze. Now, make sure you have 
plenty of healing... lots of maze guardians that don't hit hard, but 
there can be lots of them. Also make sure you have something to mark your 
way through the maze or you will be terminally lost! Enter the maze. You 
will soon find that directions don't correspond: so that if you go left 
to get to one room, if you then go right you probably won't end up back 
where you began. So mark the rooms and work out the directions. !
!
There are 15 rooms total.  When I did it, the directions to the end 
were: forward, forward, left, left, backwards, left, left, backwards, 
left, left, forward, right, forward, and you should be at castle.  Don't 
enter the castle yet! Search stone, go down, kill dragon.  Put horn in 
conical hole, put feather in oblong hole, put tail in cylindrical hole, 
get ring of power.  Then go up. If you need healing go back, else enter 
castle, go up, kill wizard (he's fairly nasty, but not TOO bad), enter 
crack, melt ring in lava. (55)
65) Kill Bahamut: Note: Pay attention to what is said by the dragons as 
they die.  Starting from forest portal go 3w/2sw/4s/5e/7s/2w/s (you are 
in underdark shed).  Head 3d/3n/ne/d (first room of 1st level 
maze)/4e/s/e/n.  Here is the black dragon.  Kill it and get tooth, then head 
2s/e/s/2e/3s/search/vortex/up till you get past the dragon.   Kill the 
green dragon and get tooth.  Head d/vortex/n/2w/n/3w/2s/2w/n and kill the 
white dragon, then get tooth.  Go 
s/2e/n/2e/n/e/s/2e/2n/2w/n/w/n/w/n/w/s/w/s/2e. Kill the blue dragon and get the tooth before heading 
2w/n/e/n/4w/u/sw/nw/3w/10s/se/ne/e/u and then search until you get the 
illusion stuff.  climb north and kill the red dragon, get tooth.  you now have 
all the teeth, you only need catalyst now.  Go back to the portal and 
go 5n/nw/3n/3e/se/ne/d/4e/s/e/s/e/s/2e/2s/2w/s/e/2s/2w/n/e and kill the 
dog if it's there before heading d/n/2e/s/2e/n/w.  Kill Gor Shirek and 
get the catalyst.  Trace your way back to first room of the maze !
!
(just reverse above dirs. till you are there) and go 
u/sw/3s/3u/n/2e/n/4w/3n/w and give all the teeth and the catalyst to shamus.  Kill 
shamus.  When you attack, Bahamut pops in.  When Shamus is dead get the 
dragon slayer from corpse and wield it, kill Bahamut with it. (57)
67) Red Death: No qinfo (60)
68) Prismatic Jewel: No qinfo (60)
69) Megatech: The new Megatech is a lot harder then the old one.  You 
have to go from the subway, u,4w,3s,all w, kill enforcers, n, 2w, n, 
kill enforcers open door, west, free man, and talk to him.  He'll give you 
a card and tell you about bob, now you go back to the subway, go 
u,5n,3e,5n,w,n,2w,4n then enter, and look at the stove, walls, and stuff.  It 
will tell you to turn one of them (it changes) or turn knob, or turn 
handle, but if you turn the wrong one, a hole will come.  If you enter 
the hole, you'll die.  You should find a down exit, go down and show the 
card you got from the man you freed and he will give you a bunch of 
passkeys.   Now, from level 300-450 you have to use the passkeys.  In each 
room you have to 'search', and in some you find a panel.  One should 
say just that it's black, but the one you want to find is the one that is 
long, and it has '[ready]' on it.  Now when you find the [ready], 
insert the lowest number of the passkeys you have (should get a 3,5,7!
!
,10) and so on.  On level 300, use passkey 3, and on level 350 use 
passkey 5 and such, this is the hard part.  Anyway, once inside, the 
directions are approximately: for level 50->100, all east, all s, should be 
like 3 or 5n, then go west.  For level 100->150 all east, all south, (sw 
corner) 2e,all north, e, n.  For level 150->200 w,n,6e,s,w.  For level 
200->250 2e,s,10w,10n,e,2sfor level 250->300 4n,e,s and all the levels 
after 300 you have to find the panel, and that's different for each 
person.  'search' in each room for them and you'll find panels in some.  
Look at panel and when you see a [ready] insert the correct passkey 
(lowest one that you have) check the numbers by look at front of passkey.  
On floor 500 go all west to Ancient Western dragon and kill it. Go west 
again and kill Arnold Hesler. (65)
70) Seahaven: No qinfo (70)
71) Pyron: No qinfo (75)
72) Perplexus: OK, as the quest description says, go to Angelo, and 
look for the angel. From the west gate of Wayhaven (which is 12 west of 
the Wayhaven portal) go: 7n,14w,2s,bow (to Led), s, and you're in Angelo. 
Kill the guards on the main road here, and get the key. Go west, and 
into the guard outpost.  Kill the guards, search around, there's a 
trapdoor under the table. Move the table. unlock trapdoor, open, go down... 
follow the tunnels, killing cockroaches as you go. Where the tunnel 
forks, ignore the route to the troll, and go the other way (east). A few 
east, where the tunnel ends, you have to enter something or do something 
like that, and you'll find the angel. Speak to her.. use keywords like 
'hello', 'help', 'Perplexus'...and anything else that comes up. She'll 
tell you that to find out more, you have to speak to the old wise elf. 
And she'll tell you that he lives in the mountains to the north. If she 
still has it, she will give you a holy avenger sword (useful for k!
!
illing the evil elf king later).  Leave the tunnels, and back out onto 
the main road, while you're in town, have a look around: a couple south 
and one east of where you are, there's a statue of Perplexus... this is 
really Perplexus who has been turned to stone.  Go back west, and a 
couple south along the main road, until you can't go any further. There's 
a strange wall to the west.  'push wall' and you'll end up behind it. 
Go 3 west, 2s and enter the tower, or castle, or whatever. Go 2 east, 
3s, kill the 3 guards. Go 3 up, north, kill Goliath. Search painting, and 
you'll find a back room. There's Armor of the Dragon here (unbreakable, 
+3 strength), and 'quillions' which is part of the sword of Perplexus. 
Make sure you get this item! Go: out, s, 3d, 3n, 3w (back to tower 
entry). This time, go 2 west, 3s,m kill guards, 3u, n, kill Kargile. (this 
guy is a bit tougher than Goliath). Move plaque, and you'll enter a 
back room, this time you'll find the amulet of Perplexus.. keep thi!
!
s! To get back to town, go: out, 3d,3n,2e, leave,2n,4east. Head about 6 
north (until you can't go any further), and you'll be out of town. From 
here, you need to get to the northern mountains. The direct route, I 
think, is:7e,6n. Or, from the west gate of Wayhaven, it's: 3 west,12 
north, 4west, north.  Once you get to there, 'climb' twice. Go s, w, n, w, 
n, kill lich. The lich should have the handle for the sword.  Keep the 
handle!  Go s,e,directly south for a few...somewhere here you go 2d, 
kill golem, go n to cave kill Mamakin. 'enter gap' get the blade, and you 
have the 3 components for the sword!  DON'T make the sword yet!!!! As 
if you have to drop it or give it to someone, it vanishes, and the quest 
is ruined.  Go out, s,2u,n, go east as far as you can, until you find a 
tree... climb rope., e, u, and speak to Elistan, who will tell you more 
info about where the wise elf is. If you're not carrying the holy 
avenger sword, that the angel had, then he won't tell you much, but!
!
 that's OK. Go 2e,2d.  There's a bedroom to the south. Look at the 
dresser.. there are 5 drawers.  Search all the drawers (search drawer1, 
search drawer 2 etc.). You should find a diary (read this.. gives you more 
info) and a key.  Go north out of the bedroom again. There's a door in 
the floor: open door and go down. Go west and speak to the queen (don't 
remember her name) she'll tell you a little more about where the wise 
elf lives, and also tell you to ignore any messages saying he's not in.  
Go west, n,d, out,w,4s,about 15 east, till there's a house to the 
north.  Go north. There's a sign saying that the wise one's out... ignore 
this and unlock gate (with the key from the dresser) enter the house. 
kill the guards, go north to an empty room. search fireplace, move brick, 
get crystal. Touch crystal (must be in this room), and the wise elf 
(Yeltor) will appear. He'll tell you what to do for the quest, if you talk 
to him.  He tells you to go see the scout in the village. Leave !
!
by going south a few times, and you'll end up back at the main path. Go 
back about 2 west, till there's a road to the south. Go south, east, 
ring bell, and the scout will come. say help, say quest, and he'll ask 
you who sent you... say 'Yeltor' Then he'll ask you to show him an item 
of Perplexus... show him the amulet.  He'll tell you to nod when you're 
ready. Now this is the good bit: only one person is supposed to be able 
to get into the gray elves tree at a time... but once he's been shown 
the amulet, anybody can 'nod' and be allowed entry. So you can take a 
tank with you, to fight the creatures you have to fight.  nod, and you'll 
be escorted into the back room. Go d, 2e,ne,4e,u,e (kill, or ignore the 
gray elves along the way). You're at the entry to the gray elves' tree. 
As mentioned in Elistan's diary, there's some twigs by the door. (look 
at the panels to the left and right of the door).  Now, if you get the 
combo wrong, then you may be roped up by your feet, and you nee!
!
d a knife of some sort from one of the monsters in the area to cut the 
rope, otherwise the only way out is to quit.  If this happens, you lose 
everything. So: before you try the combo, drop all your gear! 
Especially the quest items. If you get strung up  then you can quit but you have 
to come back and start over again.  If the door opens, and you don't 
get roped up, then get all your gear, and enter the tree. Go east, to a 
major intersection of tunnels. Now according to Elistan's diary, you 
have to put something in a large bowl, to open another door. From the 
intersection, go se, and follow it south. Search rags and you'll find an 
elf.  talk to him a bit using key words.  he'll reveal that if you place 
a stone in a bowl to the south, then you can take a rock from a room to 
the north, and drop it (he doesn't say where to drop it). Go back to 
the major intersection of tunnels. This time go ne, east for a few. 
There's a set of tunnels forking off: ne,e,se In each of these rooms i!
!
s a priest. In each case, kill the priest, search the altar, and get 
the precious stone. You should have a ruby, and emerald, and a sapphire. 
Go back west, sw, to the major intersection. There is possibly a trap 
to the south, so drop your gear here. Just take the ruby with you. This 
time take the south corridor... look at markings on the wall. They will 
show what gem has to go in what bowl. Go north.. if you have done the 
bowl bit wrong, you'll fall into a pit and have to quit. Go north.. 
collect your gear. Go about 3 north, to the end of the corridor. Kill the 
skull. Go west: a room on some sort of springs... interesting, but you 
don't know what to do... Go back 2 east, a room with a rock in it. Now 
that the ruby's in the bowl, and you have both other gems in your 
hands... you should be able to lift the rock. Go back to west to the springy 
room. Make sure both you and your tank are in the room. drop the roc 
and! the spring floor will drop, and deposit you in another room. Go !
!
west, kill the priests. Look at fountain. look at skull. Swivel skull. 
A secret door opens to the south. Go south, and kill the gray elf king. 
Make sure you have a tank!  Get the cloak of Perplexus! Go back north.. 
l at altar, search altar.  press switch until a portal opens up. Enter 
it, and you're back on the trail in the forest, north east of where the 
scout is. Go back west as far as you can, then go back east one. Go 4 
north, east, in, u,s,2u,2w,d,w,d,2w,n,2d (out of the mountains) Go back 
to Angelo: from here, it should be: 6s,7w,2s,bow,3s,e. here, or around 
here, is the statue of Perplexus... Holding the 3 pieces of the sword: 
handle, blade, and quillions, type: make sword, and the ego sword is 
made. type: place sword. type: place cloak type: place amulet and, the 
statue will come to life. (75)
73) Vole the Hateful: Go to Deep Mountain and find the drow translator.  
Go to level 4 of the underdark maze and get the maul of the titans.  Go 
to the 'open fields' and 'dig' 20 or 30 times in each room until you 
hear a rumbling sound.  It will say you fell into a hole or something, 
dig until it says you can't anymore.  Listen to what you're told and 
you'll be given a strand of beads.  Hang on to this!  Go back to level 4 of 
the maze and listen at the dusty corner until you hear someone mumble 
something.  Make a note of what word is mumbled.  Go to the demon spider 
and kill it.  Search the throne and open door, go down and search 
around.  You'll be asked for a password (this is the word you heard 
mumbled).  Keep going and head south at the first intersection you run into.  
Break beads and watch the show.  Note: be VERY careful of the demon 
spider.  If you're lucky you'll get the demon spider carapace from it (a 
nice piece of armor). (80)
74) Mira: Make sure this quest hasn't already been solved this boot.  
Fantasy/forest portal. Go all w and look around for Mira's house.  Find 
the gardener and kill him so you can get the shovel.  The head to Tapan 
(from city portal: 7w/8s/3e/pay ferryman Tapan) and then map Tapan when 
you get there.  Don't enter the river.  Find a monkey and kill him 
(make sure he is carrying vines because you need them).  From the ferry, go 
2s/4w and climb the cliff, search the nest, and get the chain.  Look 
for a tooth at the following locations: a) 3e from ferry (search sand), 
b) 2e/2s from ferry (search bones), or c) 2e/5s/2e/2s from ferry: look 
at cliff, climb down, enter caves, and search remains.  Don't take 
anything else. After you have the chain and the tooth type: make necklace 
with tooth.  Wear the necklace.  Go back to the temple (2e/5s from 
ferry).  Try to enter the temple and the guard will ask for a password.  It 
is one of the following: Zeilik, Levtar, Rao. Once inside the temp!
!
le, go east and pick up the tea leaves (and nothing else you greedy 
bastard!).  Leave the temple and go n/w into a hut. Search pottery and get 
the flower pot.  From the temple guard go e/3s and search for a hidden 
exit.  Map this area too.  Look out for the crocodile.  Find the witch 
doctor and read the book.  It will tell you what you need. The Tapan 
Crystal will be in one of three areas.  One of them is Rastafan's maze on 
the two-headed troll, one is on a guard in the icelands north of 
Wayhaven. Give the tea leaves to the witch doctor so he can tell you what 
color snake needs to bite you.  THIS IS IMPORTANT!!!! Write it down, carve 
it into your head, remember it and keep it in your fucking head! Find 
the snake demon (secret exit along the west coast of Tapan). Kill the 
snake demon and search around for another exit. There 
will be lots of different colored Tapan snakes.  type 'kill <color> 
snake' where color is the one the witch doctor told you. IF YOU ATTACK ANY 
OTHER COLOR SNAKE YOU WILL DIE.  After getting the potion, shovel, pot 
and vine cross the river at the river crossing (you ARE mapping, 
right?).  Go all south and kill the spirit.  You'll find the protector.  Type 
sprinkle protector and knock the guard out then go south.  Drop 
everything except the pot, vine, and shovel.  Climb the tree, climb the branch 
and then tie the vine on to the branch and climb down.  'dig up flower' 
and go back to Mira. (80)
75) Dragon Knight: Go to the Portal of Life. From forest portal it's: 
3w, 2sw, 2s, 2e.Good luck trying to map it.  The area is dotted with 
following wyverns, which aren't hard to kill.  Object: free the queen from 
being entombed in stone. To do this you need 5 colored orbs that you 
get from killing the dragon knights, and the Staff of the Positive Plane 
to kill the High Cleric who guards her. You also need a hexagonal key 
and an octagonal key to get to her.  OK, go to green keep, kill guards 
(easy), n, e, search hearth, get rusty key,w, n, ne, 2u, n, push stone 
(on pillar), get red key. Ignore all other items here.  Go to blue keep, 
kill guards, n, w, search hearth, unlock door (with rusty key), hearth, 
search look at brick, l at symbols, push stone/button, get green key.  
Go back to green keep, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with green key, n, there 
is a dragon knight here. Wait for a minute and he will turn into a 
green dragon and attack. Kill him (he's not too hard). Get the green!
!
 orb.  Never wimpy from a dragon knight or demons come and attack you, 
and they are annoying.  Go to the 'wiz tree'. There is something in the 
description about an odd tree here. Search, turn knob, enter, u, and 
you will see an elven wizard. Say help, and he will give you a rainbow 
amulet. Wear this.  Go to red stronghold. kill guards, 2n, ne, 2u, n, 
make sure you're wearing the rainbow amulet, and enter. Make sure nobody 
follows you in.  There is a pillar here. Push stone, get blue key.  
Leave the room and go down, sw. This time go nw, 2u, unlock door with red 
key, n, wait till dragon knight turns into dragon, kill him, get red 
orb. Go to blue keep again, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with blue key, n, and 
there is a bench here. Lay on bench, dragon knight comes, kill blue 
dragon, get blue orb. Go to village.  Follow the path into the center of 
the village, and then the wise woman is off to the nw. Go to her, and 
say help.  She will give you a torch.  Leave the village and go to wh!
!
ite keep. Kill guards, 2n and you see a fountain.  Melt ice (need that 
torch). Get scroll. Go ne, 2u, n, push stone (on pillar) and get black 
key. Go to black keep. Kill guards, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with black 
key, n, kill black dragon knight, get black orb.  Go s, 2d, ne, 2u, n, 
kill cleric. Push stone (on pillar). get white key.  If you enter the 
doorway here you will go straight back to white keep. Go to white keep, 
2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with white key, n, kill dragon knight, and get 
white orb. OK, now you should have all the dragon orbs!  You need the 
more keys and the staff: Go to wyvern nest, climb (up into nest).  Kill 
all 4 wyverns, search nest and you should find the staff of the 
positive plane. If not, go searching around the cliffs for more nests. You can 
insert one of the orbs into the staff, but don't try this right now, 
because you'll lose the orb and will have to go get another.  Go to 
lizard nest. Climb up, kill faerie lizards, search nest and you should f!
!
ind a crystal key. If not search around for more nests.
Hexagonal Key: Go to place marked Temple on map, search bushes, enter, 
look at murals, move brick, get hexagonal key.
Octagonal Key: The octagonal key is on a courier who wanders in the 
area.  I have always found him in the north east section.  Follow him and 
kill him (easy). Get octagonal key. 
When you're ready for the final assault on the palace, look at the 
scroll. Chant the words on the scroll and you end up at the cliff where you 
have to 'search cliff' and go up. Actually, this place is 7n of the 
portal of life, and you don't need the scroll at all to get there.  Go up, 
n, kill lich, 2 or 3n, till you see a pillar. Unlock pillar (with 
crystal key) and the drawbridge comes down. Go north and into palace.  The 
palace is basically a square, with a tower at each corner. In each tower 
is a device you need to unlock (using hex or octagonal key). When this 
happens the pyramid they were supporting floats to the ground and you 
can go in to free the queen.
What you do is: from just inside palace, go: w, kill cleric (no wimpy, 
but he's not too hard), sw, up, kill lich, (no wimpy), u, unlock 
device. 2d, ne, 2e, kill cleric (no wimpy), se, up, now there is a lich here 
who won't let you go up. Kill him, and you can go 2u, unlock device, 
2d, kill lich, nw, 2n, kill cleric (no wimpy), ne, u, dispose of the 
lich, u, unlock device, 2d, sw, 2w (past a couple of clerics, but they 
allow you to wimpy), nw, u, dispose of lich, u, unlock device. Now all the 
devices are inactivated, and the pyramid should come down. Go 2d, se, 
e, kill the 2 clerics, 2s, wield the staff of the positive plane, kill 
cleric. He should vaporize with the first hit. Get out all 5 orbs, look 
at the stone, and insert orbs. When you do this, the queen is freed, 
and the quest is done! 
Notes: If you let the lich follow you any further than the base of the 
tower, then it will stop you leaving and you will have to fight it to 
the death. The liches take a while to kill, so they are annoying.  If 
you have somebody as a tank in the palace, don't wield the staff of the 
positive plane until you have to kill the final cleric. If you are 
wielding the staff then monsters will attack you, even if someone is trying 
to defend. (80)
77) Evil God: If you solve this after they've removed Jack the Ripper, 
you'll get popped for qinfo.  LOSER! (90)
78) Balooga Falls: Note: You'll need an anchor.  Go to the bridge and 
knock out the pegs, then grab or hold rope before you knock them out.  
Go to nyrow. say hi, quest, demons, jobs, angeldemons.  4w/n/e/n/look at 
painting/look at bench/open bench/get map/look at map.  The go s/say 
hi/say angeldemons/say falls/say barrel/w/s/3w/look at monument. look at 
base, look at hole (search just to play dumb 3s/5e, say {hi, job, 
quest, demons, god, false god, gnos, monument} 4w/2n/5w, pray to gnos or 
just pray. Kill Lars treetop, get all. n/3e/4n/wade into water or wade 
into river. climb into barrel (you'll get that from Lars).  Here is the 
"quest" part. (look at everything just to play dumb) n/3e, walk between 
poles. n kill demon (not so hard, 20K I think) Break mirror, n/get 
all/3s/ walk between poles/4w/nw/3n. kill all guards (EASY) get 
all/w/n/se/arch and finally search liquid (You get 1 gem). s/e/s unlock door, open 
door w, free prisoner, open door e/2s/2se/2e/n. kill Caveman and go!
!
 2n/climb idol. climb idol and pry left eye (I think it was if not do 
the other, you take some damage if you pry the wrong one- this is gem 
2). Go n/w , say gnos and you'll get hit by water, so you lose ALL HP 
except one, you don't die, turn off all "panic buttons" before you do 
this. Turn your "panic buttons" back on and go e/n/step into light. Go n/w 
kill all, hole, kill all get all, out/2e, jump across (DONT JUMP FOR 
ROPE, look at it and search it but DONT JUMP FOR IT, you'll get thrown 
out of the game if you do) climb down, search, get all (gem 3), climb 
east wall. n door, say 200 (its a riddle you get thrown out of the game if 
you get the wrong answer), notice the name he says... like "Say hi to 
blah for me", and notice his name.) 2n/w, get parchment, look at 
parchment.. (You should do this before anything else) and then afterwards go 
get the mirror gem and such. search throne, search hand, arm, search 
left arm rest (and right arm rest) open one of them (I think it was th!
!
e right), and get gem (4). Go e/2n/ne/e look at skull, look at balls. 
throw balls at skull. You now get gem 5. Go w/n/nw/w/avert eyes from 
cage, pull rope, kill gorgon get amm (gem 6) e/n. Say hi, gems demons, 
gnos, angeldemons. You should go to this guy first too, (after stilts and 
parchment because he gives you lots of good information, about the room 
of the kings (throne room). Ok.... Right n is a DEATHTRAP... To avoid 
it, you should type pray to gnos every round.. He will save you.. BUT if 
you are lagging... R.I.P. My advice is to trigger this to go every 
round. Search/get all (gem7)/n/say hi, he will say "I don't talk to 
strangers". Remember the name at the riddle dude, say Byro n.. He will ask who 
told you, say Ragorse. Then to let him pass, say false god or quest or 
something. Right n is a VERY DANGEROUS Hydra, class 120K or something. 
You have to kill him, but there is a trick that might just work. Try to 
go north and back s to the manticore, and then n again, hopefull!
!
y he will let you pass. If not you have to kill him. Go n until you 
come to a door, search it and search holes. Here is the right sequence you 
should put the gems in. If not it's been changed: Hole 7=Emerald. Hole 
6=Ruby. Hole 5=Sapphire. Hole 4=Diamond. Hole 3=Pearl. Hole 2=Opal. 
Hole 1=Topaz. Go all n and look at painting. look at EVERY item on the 
painting. Then finally look at moon. Step through the wall (it will say 
the correct 
syntax for you) and get all and say GO you will get transported out to 
Balooga falls. Find your way to nyrow, (think it's just go n). Then go 
6w/3s/6e (You'll be back at the priest). say staff, anchor, and the 
third item you got. He will say The staff get it's energy from hearts of 
demons. look at staff. You will notice its base is "screwed" (the hole 
in the monument is also screwed). So kill ALL 21 demons, carry ALL 
hearts in your inventory, and go to the monument and type insert staff in 
monument (or hole).  Kill false god. The god hunts so be careful not to 
drag him to town and let some other asshole kill him. (90)
79) Wayhaven: First: map all of Wayhaven.  From the portal go: 5e/5s/e 
and climb stairs to the clerk.  Present yourself and he'll tell you 
that you need citizenship.  Enter the stall n/w of portal and buy a 
guitar.  Then go to the woman on balcony (6n/2e of portal).  Serenade woman 
and receive her message.  Find the captain of the guard (4s/climb 
staircase from portal) and deliver message.  He'll give you another message.  
Go back to the woman and deliver the new message.  She gives you a 
note, take this to the guild master (e/2n/w/enter door/w/present note from 
woman).  He gives you guild sponsorship.  Go back to the clerk and 
present yourself.  He tells you to get a bounty hunter's license.  Go to 
tintorillos (w/s of clerk) and 'prepare document'.  They'll tell you that 
you need ink and notarized paper.  Go to the ink shop 
(n/w/5n/7e/2n/2e/3n/4w/2n/e from tintorillos).  Ink master tells you that you need an 
ink fish (w/n/4w/s/kill fisherogre/get rod/catch fish).  Go back to !
!
ink master and buy ink.  Go to the paper shop (w/n/3w/4n from ink shop) 
and buy legal bond paper.  Go get it notarized (3w/2 or 3s from clerk).  
There's a sign saying that the notary office is along the Promenade.  
You can't get there unless you have a pass so go to the printer shop 
(12e/2n/2e/2n/w from portal) and buy pass.  He'll tell you to go to a 
forger and 'shimmy on out of here'. Shimmy and you'll go up a ladder to the 
forger.  He needs special and ink and paper so guess where you get to 
go again!  Come back and get your pass.  Go back to the Promenade 
(5e/5s/w/3s/3e from portal) and 'notarize document'.  Go e/n search the dock.  
Leap to the boat you find, free smuggler and he'll take you back and 
give you an important item.  Go back to tintorillos (see why you need to 
map Wayhaven??) and 'prepare document' by going s of the clerk and 
typing 'sign document'.  The 5 councilors each need a 
bribe, and each bribe is different.  1: a gem (dwarven traders north of 
portal), 2) a gladhand (hustler in se section of Wayhaven), 3) a book 
on making money (Wayhaven library: 7w/3s/2e/2s/u/w from portal. Kill 
everyone, search the shelves and steal book), 4) a drow tapestry (go to 
gunpowder shop [s/3e/n of paper shop] and buy gunpowder.  Go to the 
citadel cannon [4s/2w/3s of portal], light cannon, and climb in cannon.  Go 
through the citadel and kill the guards.  Kill the captain and step in 
haze.  Kill the guards, climb up, kill more guards, and go west. Kill 
the guards, but not the sergeants.  Keep heading west, kill the captain, 
and go west and then north.  Search a few rooms north and get the 
tapestry.  Give it to the councilor), 5: silver dragon scale (challenge 
arena [4n/e/d from portal] and challenge the baby silver dragon.  Kill it 
and get the scale.)  Once you have all 5 signatures go back to the clerk 
and present yourself.  He tells you about the quest.  Head to the!
!
 brothel (8e/3s/3e/2n/e from portal).  Peruse the book and request a 
whore.  You need to go the guild HQ (8n/5e/2n/e from portal) and request 
guild membership.  Buy thread and velvet from the stalls in the bazaar 
(s/w and s/e from portal) and go to the seamstress (12e/2n/2e/7n from 
portal) where you order a sash.  Go back to the brothel, order a whore, 
and pleasure him/her.  Request the madam and kill her.  She escapes 
through a secret door.  Search around, go through the secret door, kill 
her, get the papers and the key.  Search around to find the exit again.  
Now, go to the chief mugger in the mews (5e/4n/e/3s/e from portal) and 
kill the mugger (who has a dwarf mask).  Go w/3n/4w/s/e/s and wear the 
mask to go into the dwarven pub.  Kill the 5 dwarves that attack you 
and search the mirror and go down through the trap door.  Then go n/e and 
search around.  Open the door you find with the key you got from the 
madam.  Kill the chief mugger who attacks (80k) and then search around to 
get his seal.  You also find a secret exit leading you out to a safe 
place.  Go back to the clerk and present yourself again.  As you head to 
the mayor's office you fall into a well.  Blow the whistle you got from 
the smuggler and he'll come and take you to a secret entrance.  Search 
the ladder (to disarm a trap).  Climb up and kill the mayor. (95)
80) Western: No qinfo (100)
81) Ravenloft: No qinfo (100)
82) Miritar: No qinfo (100)
83) Keylon Crown: Nothing yet (100)
84) Epic: No qinfo (100)
85) Durskaen: No qinfo (100)
86) Balance: No qinfo (100)

Barovia
You need to get items for Ismark to make you a shield and a helmet.  
When you are wearing these, you can go to the Barovia graveyard and kneel 
at Ismail's grave. That's all of the quest.  From forest portal, go to 
ravenloft:2s, sw, w, nw, enter mist, kill nightmare, in.  Then, go: n, 
nw, w, nw, search river, get stone (unique item, I think)go: 2e, ne, n, 
nw, n, ne, n, 2ne, 2e, 2n, w, nw, n, w, follow coffer corpse (it flees 
a lot :P), kill coffer corpse, get silver.  go 2e (if you're still in 
the coffer corpse's original room), follow apparition (also flees), kill 
apparition, get gold.  go: w, s, se, e, 2s, w, kill bats, w, kill bats.  
Every so often, when you kill a bat, the wings remain undamaged, and 
are left behind. This is what you are looking for... so keep killing bats 
till you get some bat wings. If you're unlucky you may have to wander 
the forest for a bit, till you get some.  go: 2sw, 6w, 2s, nudge ismark, 
type: make helmet.  He'll now make you a bat wing helmet to w!
!
ear.  Go to ice portal in fantasy. Then go south and east until you 
reach a glacier where you can climb up. Cross the glacier (e,n), go down 
the other side, s, enter the cave in the glacier wall. Search stones, 
get mithril.  All you need now is another block of gold but you have to 
wait for the Apparition to reset to get it ! :(Go back to apparition in 
ravenloft. Get another block of gold.  When you have the block of gold, 
go back to Ismark (w,s,se,e,2s,2w,2sw,6w,2s) Type: make shield.  Wear 
the shield, go back to the graveyard (2n, 5w, n, w).  Kneel.

--GOBLINHEAD--O.K.....I'll start with the problem....you need to find a 
scroll of charm protection, cause the one monster charms you and either 
makes you drop all or jump off a cliff. You'll also need another person 
to help you get to said monster.
1) Enter fantasy portal, then go to the road portal.
2) Go into Balooga falls, 4 or 5 east of the portal I think, look for a 
bar to the north. go into the bar, and say forgers. (bar may be a 
little west or east...somewhere around the above directions is close).
3) Give 1000 coins to forger, he'll give you some I.D.
4) Go to the icy blue portal and get a ring or two of feather falling
5) Get the scroll of charm protection, I have no idea where it is, or 
if you can find a nice cleric who is quick enough at bouncing, they can 
kill the harpy without it (with a little luck and no lag)
6) Go west to the end of the road from road portal, north to the 
tundra, west a bit, look for a path leading north in the room descriptions, 
then go north.
7) Load the catapult with some junk, like bread, pull, and fire.  
You'll have to adjust it to fire it into the cave opening using adjust #, 
usually between 10 and 15.  When it is firing into the cave, load 
yourself in the catapult and get someone to fire you in there.  This is where 
the harpy is that will charm you.
8) Kill harpy, then kill the goblin king. sever head. take the head to 
the lord in the castle that is 3s and a couple west of the place where 
the road curves south...show I.D. to the keep guard, then enter. the 
lord is to the west or northwest.  Look around, find him, and give him 
the head. he'll give you some stuff, go back to the guild and collect the 
quest points.

Boomer Crisis
Go to Megatokyo: from science, it's up, ramp, and take the train.  Go 3 
north, 2w, n, w, look at the cash register. Push button, and you geta 
security card. Keep this.  Go e,s,4e,3s,kill yakuza, search mat and get 
cyber gloves.  Go n,e,search floor, d, south until passage forks, 
search floor, dbath, submerge, and a man turns up. Leave the mud bath, kill 
the man,get cyber boots.  Go up, n until you can't any more, u, w, 2n, 
8w, nw, kill Leon,get cyber bracers.  enter, w, kill guards, s, get k12 
armour.go n, e, leave, se, 3e, s, sw, n, sw, se, e, se, d and into the 
sewers.  Now, I don't know the way from here.. but the rats are VERY 
nasty!and they follow... so take a tank and kill them as you go.  Wander 
around.. you need to find a door.. I think it's one level down.  When 
you find it, use your card to open it, and kill the boomer,search and 
get neural implant (a once per reboot item).  Leave the sewers, then: nw, 
w, nw, ne, s, ne, n, 3e, n, n, kill guards.  Go through the build!
!
ing killing guards as you go.  Just like Megatech,only some of the 
guards are harder. I haven't been that far, but, at the top you have to 
kill the head of the company, wear all the cyber gear and then relax on 
his couch.



Plain Text Attachment [ Download File | Save to Yahoo! Briefcase ] 

Qinfo (last updated 04/15/03)


The majority of these are written from memory so the exact syntax might 
not be included.  While there are directions for some of the quests, 
THERE ARE NO MAPS.  Those of us who did the quests on our own had to map 
and explore...SO SHALL YOU.  This is good for you because if you go 
through like a laundry list you WILL get popped for qinfo.  Special thanks 
to all the people who helped by providing information on quests I 
haven't done.  No names (for security reasons), but you know who you are.  
Whenever possible I've added notes about possible death traps and 
toughness of mobs.  

1) Marbles: these are found all over the mud. See Marble List. (1qp 
each)

2) Bbn Planet: chaos/2w/lift manhole cover/n/kill tech (5k)/search 
wall/kill tech (5k)/exa upper,middle, lower server/plug DCR.NET cable into 
one that is most alive (5)

3) Bug: No qinfo for this one.  The mosquito flies around pinnacle and 
everyone is free to attack it.  It can take massive amounts of damage, 
so dedicate some time for this.  It will randomly leave to another 
place in Pinnacle, and might just port you somewhere else randomly.  Only 
problem I can find is getting it after it's gone into the cemetery. (5)

4) Chop Tree: you need an axe and some patience for this one.  Search 
all the rooms in each of the mirrors with your trusty axe.  You'll find 
an old oak tree.  When you find it, just type 'chop tree' and you're 
done. (5)


5) Codename Kodiak: in newbie land, find the battletech mirror and go 
in. go nw/nw/e/search rubble/nw/nw/nw/search doors/nw and go into the 
elevator shaft. Go up and talk to the guy. Then, go back down into the 
elevator, and then search the boards. Go down and talk to the guy there, 
he'll give you a helmet. Wear the helmet and go 
u/se/se/se/se/w/se/sw/se/sw/and search trees. You'll see a hidden exit ONLY if you wear the 
helmet. Go kill Kodiak. (5)


6) Free Cho: chaos/enter/4w/e/s/e. you need to activate the machine by 
turn knob, flip switch, press button.  Kill all the mobs you see in 
there.  Careful, as this is no wimpy.  After you kill all of them, 
eventually you'll see Dr. Cho. Type 'free Cho', search beam to get out. Then 
you're done! (5)


7) Mack: newbie land. Newbie Mack: duploland:
1st- get ladder - 4w/4s/w/s/get ladder
2nd- get block #1 - buy donut/give to cop-(unlock door/open door/w/read 
wall(get number)) - go to bank/ask box (####)
3rd- get block #2 - enter barn/u/kill hen/search/give bone to dog 4th- 
kill mack-s end of house/l at ceiling/u/n/attach %% to %%/unlock 
door/open door/w (mack is kind of tough)

8) Newbie Academy: from newbie bin, go s, d, n and enroll in the 
school.  Answer all the questions, they answers are all in help files and 
room descriptions.  Make sure you know the phone number to the White 
House. If you aren't a newbie, you can still do this quest. In the sewers of 
Pinnacle look for the newbie mice and you're on your way, Science, 2w, 
3n, d, n, w, 2s, 3w, 2s, 2e, 5s, u. (5)

9) Ralintaro - search around (ground and brambles and wall) for 
skeletons.  One will have a scroll with magic words to get into the tower. 
Chant the words and enter and go e, exa peg/search peg, you'll find 
another scroll with directions to find a pen which is in the west most room.  
then go all north, west and kill the guardian then trace the symbol 
with pen and kill ralintaro. (5)

10) Resource Crisis: newbie land, find the mirror with the oil field in 
it. Search behind the seat of the truck. In the tool shed, in the 
office desk and just everywhere. You need a digital multimeter and a pair of 
wire clippers. Then, after you have those, find the tower you can climb 
up. There's a device. Test each wire with the multimeter.  The one with 
the charge is the one you need to clip. (5)

11) REMOVED

12) Tree: from cot: s/2e/2s/look at tree. (5)



13) Twelve Princesses:

chaos, 4w, e, s, w, s, 3e, enter, nw, recline.  Say hi, say king, say 
proclamation, say defenses, (if she doesn't give you the cloak now, 
drink the wine the first night then come back to her an say help), road, 
say hi, say yes, say daughters, say help, w, n, search each bed 
individually - search bed 1 etc - mine was bed 4. Go to your room, lay down, 
pour wine, wear cloak, go north, knock on bedpost, d, prune twig, w, prune 
twig, w, prune twig, board, search princesses, exa stopped couple, exa 
goblet, search goblet, clutch goblet, board, go back to king, give all 
twigs (in order) to king, give goblet to king.  Done. (8)


14) Arcanarton: Fantasy/road portal/2w/s/sw/trail/enter.  
Go up the tower to the very top, where you'll find Arcanarton.
 Arcanarton is at the top, 30k-35k, non-aggro, non-hunting wimpy safe.
  Kill him.  There is also a marble here (see marble list for details).
 (10)


15) Destroy Barney: Chaos/enter/w/3s/3e/n, enter.  kill the stagehand 
to get his pass, he moves around, so find him as you make your way 
towards barney. go e, 2n, search box, take liquor, 2w, 3s, 3w, show pass, 
search couch, give bottle to barney. (10)


16) Disney: find the mirror that has the small coastal town in it.  Go 
to the west until you can go south.  Then go all south and all west 
until you find Doc at the mine.  Say diamond and he'll give you a pickaxe.  
Swing pickaxe in every room of the mine until you find the diamond, 
then go back to where you went south.  Head all west to the house in the 
forest and go in.  Give the diamond to Snow White and say mirror.  
She'll give you a mirror.  Go all e from the beginning until you can swim, 
swim, go first s, kill ursula, s, get letter, go back to witch, show 
letter to witch, talk to witch until she says she wants the mirror, show 
mirror to witch, give mirror to witch.plan  She drops the award, pick it 
up and go back to the mirror.  Head south and check out the first house 
to the west.  Inside is Mickey, give the award to him. (10)


17) Djinni: Djinni Bring a light source.
Wayhaven, all e, leave, folow road e/ne until you get to the docks.  
In the room before either dock (exits e or n) swim or swim in ocean.
  Swim until you get to another beach with only exit south.  
Go s and then climb over rocks then examine cliff, examine 
cave etc.  Dive water, watch mob until it settles on the bottom, 
kill mob, examine bottom, search slime, get bottle.  
(Key you get from mob can be used to open a tan box on 
the island in this area to get a tan marble).

Once you 
have the bottle, return home or to a good area.  
You may want to put eq in a box as you can't use 
eq or guild powers once inside the bottle.
Remove cork.

You now suck.  I will only say the 
things you have to do - you may want to kill the
 mobs to get eq as you will have none.
Go to the room with Stinky/Skippy/whatever his name is
 - he is the newbie.  
Here you can pick flowers for a 100 hp heal.  
Left of him is a room with an anorexic slave.  
You can exa garden, pick vegetables, get vegetables.
Each vegetable gives approx 100 hp heal.  You will need these!
Go to the mage, wait until he says the magic word 'Kazam'  
To the right of the mage, search rocks for a hunting knife, 
this helps ALOT!  Go to centre and say key in front of a mob 
(I did this with the rogue but I assume it will work for any of them).
Mob will tell you which little mob in the outer circle has their 
particular key.
Go to them and say key again.  
They will give you a key to the door.
Kill guard in inner circle (I found him pretty hard), 
unlock door, go 2n - here is the mage (non-aggro)  
I would suggest having as many flowers/vegetables and ppl available 
for hmheal from afar as possible for this bit.
Kill mage, get sword. Go s, search room, say kazam, 
climb stairs, give sword to Djinni. (10)

18) Gameshow: chaos/enter/2e/all n.  This one is random, and there are 
a few gameshows.  The ones it can be are price is right, wheel of 
fortune, and $10,000 pyramid.  To get to the pyramid you have to go to 
family feud, get to the final round, kill Richard Dawson and search wall. 

Jepordy:  sw, e, e...buzz when question is asked.  Pat Sajak = weather 
man, Janice = Price is Right, Family Feud ABC --> CBS was in 1985.

Price is right you just go: n, kill contestant, join line, bid 450, e, 
kill Holly, take all, place blue tag on box, place green tag on beans, 
place red tag on package, 2e, kill contestant, kill bob, spin wheel. 

 Common answer on WoF is 'Cancer the tradesman, the locker clerk', 
though this changes. (10)

19) Nightmare: chaos/enter/w/7n/w/n/search bed/sleep in bed.  Find the 
classroom (all e/all s). From there you need to get the following: box 
of chocolates (cafeteria, grab tray, search tray), pretty picture (art 
room, search table, take picture), love letter (locker, open locker, 
search locker, take notebook, exa notebook, deflower notebook), binaca 
blast (principal), gift (playground, search, d, take jacket, search 
pockets). Then go all n/e/s to your ideal mate. Give them all to her except 
the blast. Push button to get a minty breath. Kiss her (10)

20) NY Mugger: science/enter/u/2e/d/board train. When you get to NY 
wander around till you find the mugger and kick his fucking ass! (10)

21) Orc Slayer: Go to Knivur (road portal, 4w, 2n, path) say orc 
slayer.  Say quest.  Eldurazil will give you a location (it changes). say 
yes, say leave.  Go to location and search until you find the shaman.  
Kill Shaman (32k), get sword, return to knivur and say orc slayer. Done 
(10)

22) Rampart: fantasy/city portal/15e/exit/17e/2s/sinkhole.  Pray, 
accept_challenge, the answers are compassion, heart, mind, forgiveness, 
understanding, love.  Go out, and get back to the sinkhole.  Give soulgem 
to figure. (10)

23) Sarkath Khan: fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/8n/5w/2n/path/enter. 
Order room/order beer/sit/give beer to zarkoff. Listen to his story, go 
upstairs, and then sleep in your room. Then look at the map and go to 
the cave. Inside the cave go n, ne, nw and kill the mobs. Open the coffin 
once they're dead and 'free Sarkath khan'.  Sarkath khan tells you you 
must find Khor-Thok.  Take a shovel and leave the cave.  Go 6e, 2s from 
the cave entrance and dig several times till you find a skeleton.  
Search skeleton and get crystal.  Return to Sarkath Khan. (10)

24) Save Grandma: chaos/all s/ne. You'll be in a forest. Search every 
room for a red cloak. Wear the cloak and go to the house in the 
northeast corner. Knock on door. Kill the wolf and open closet. (10)

25) Spaceport: chaos/enter/s (find comet)/ride coment, board winnebago, 
pull lever 3 or 4 times, say hi, say quest, se, kill spaceball with 
comb - comb desert rooms until you find a door, enter door, kill lonestar, 
get amulet, wear amulet, s, say statue, lift statue, get ring, wear 
ring, go back out, go to megamaid, exa vacuum, flip switch - you are 
sucked into megamaid, se, kill spaceball, get swipecard, swipe card, kill 
spaceball, get card, swipe card, exa button, push helmet into button, sw, 
w, nw, out, se, sw, nw, give debris to king. (10)

26) REMOVED

27) Zetron: Fantasy/city portal.  Go 2n/2w/enter stall and buy a medium 
sized ladder.  Go 3 or 4 east from that stall and enter the next one 
and buy incense.  Go to the portal and search portal, retrieve seal. Then 
go 7w/6s/3w/s and find the shrine to Zetron. Burn incense, pray, return 
seal. (10)

28) Lothlarian: This has changed.  The only info I have for the new way 
is this: enter mirror/s/search trees/w/s/w/w/s/s/w kill the three 
Phoenix Guards then go north.  Kill general then search papers several times 
until is says something about the shrubs being the weak point of the 
defenses/e/n/search shrubs/n/e/n/e/e/s/s/s/skill ghost and enter fort.  
n/n/n/d/enter darkness kill arkhan and get standard.  
nw/u/s/s/out/n/n/n/n/w/w/s/w/s raise standard.  This will only work if you're evil. (10)

Other version is to kill arkhan, get bag, go to stand of trees, enter 
stand, say knot, untie bag, go to where the elf is crucified on the 
tree, free elf, search elf,exa pocket, read note, blow horn.

29) Alphabet: Chaos/enter/2e/d.  Kill the letters to spell the word 
HELICOPTER.  You only need one E.  Make sure you have one of the items 
other than a letter from one of the kills.  The letter R is in a hidden 
room.  Once you have all this, go back to the H room and 'spell 
helicopter'.  Note that if you leave the area for any reason before you spell 
helicopter that you have to do it all over again. (15)

30) Boomer Rampage: (15)

31) Hobgoblin: Fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/all n.  Take the path and 
enter the cave.  Go all northwest once inside to the stream.  Jump over 
stream and search the bones. Go back and head west till you can go up.  
Go up and kill the kid with knife.  Get the knife.  Go back down twice 
and head south to find the crazy hobgoblin.  Give the knife and the 
bone to him and he gives you a flute.  Go west and find the hobgoblin 
priest.  Play flute and the priest will die. Get the amulet and leave.  Go 
back to the city portal and go 7 west and then south then w some more 
and then south a few.  Search around near the Shrine to Zetron for the 
Tower of Zalasta.  Enter the tower, say Zalasta, go all up, go south and 
give the amulet to Zalasta. (15)

32) Jack the Ripper: Chaos/enter/3e/5n.  Go all east until you find the 
Dorset street police station.  Go out/n/2w/exa rags/search rags/exa 
corpse/search corpse/take scrap...go to all the inspectors and give them 
the scrap. One will tell you who to accuse. Go accuse them and the 
ripper will attack and you must kill him...ripper is 24k, wimpy safe. (15)

33) Perfection: Chaos/enter/4w/e/s/w/s/2e/n.  Enter warehouse/tease 
flower/kill tulip/kill nail/get everything/enter imperfect panel/kiss 
glass/lick film/ride particles/tease flower/enter imperfect 
panel/qwerty/lick film/ride particles/tussle flower/kill nail/kill tulip/get 
nothing/taste experience/conduct experiment/caress tulips/be perfect/do 
nothing/tease flower/enter perfect panel/up/enter heart/die/return 
nothing/somewhere/tussle flower/taste experience/climb ladder/return everything.  
You're on your own to get out.  I found that if you reverse some of the 
above steps you eventually get back out. (17)

34) Ebonbane: To enter barovia go from forest portal: s/s/sw/w/nw. 
Enter mist and wait for nightmare to appear. Kill nightmare/get 
phylactery/wear phylactery/in. Now you are outside of barovia. If you want back to 
the portal from here: enter the mist: go e and n (I think).  From mist 
go: n/nw/n/ne/n/nw. You are now at Barovia entrance.  From Barovia 
entrance go: n/ne/n/10w/s/3sw/6w/nw/2w/sw/as far w as you can. You will now 
stand in a cloak room. Go: n/e/search/get key/w/n/e/u/se/get key.  Then 
back to the cloak room. Then sw/2nw/w/s/get key/n/e/2s/w/s/open 
sarcophagus/kill spirit/deal with corpse/get key.  Back to cloak room and 
2n/w/d/w. Simply arriving in the final room solves the quest. (20)

35) Free Stag: Go to Medlar (Fantasy/road portal/3e/4n) and find the 
throne room with the King (32k) and his guard (21k).  Kill both of them 
and move stand.  Go down and kill the griffin (24k).  Get the gem north 
of the griffin.  From the king, go s/2e/u/w/s/e and kill the lady 
(25k).  Get her gem.  Then go s/all w/all d/s/2e/s from the king. Kill the 
guard (30k) and get the key.  Go into the cell and kill the thief.  You 
should now have all 3 gems.  Go back to the courtyard and look around.  
Find the tree that says something about stones, drop the gems and the 
tree with absorb them.  Go through the secret exit and follow the tunnel 
till you go up.  Go up and type 'free stag'.  (20)

36) Frozen Dude: Fantasy/road portal/4e/7n/touch statue.  Find the 
lumberjack and kill him.  Grab his axe and wander into the forest there and 
chop tree.  Get the log and enter the cave.  Make sure to map it and be 
in verbose mode.  In one of the rooms with the dark hairy beast there's 
a dude frozen in the crystals if you search.  Light log and thaw dude.  
(20)

37) Waldo: Chaos/enter/4w/2e/w.  You should be in Waldo's house.  Find 
the closet and search around.search corner adn find an exit, go exit, 
in a room with footprints, trace footprints or trace symbol, end up in a 
room with a vault and a hole in the floor, enter hole, exa tube, search 
tube or whatever to get paper, read paper/writing, d, pull plug, exa 
walls, trace symbol - should be back at the vault, type <whatever was on 
writing>, exa walls, exa money, q money, exa plaque - plaque will tell 
you where to seek for Waldo (mine was 'If it's Waldo you seek then you 
must look for a Fish Scale', which are in the bottom of the tank of 
water), out, enter hole, d, pull plug, climb stairs/stairs, exa house - 
take note of what movie is on the side of the house, exa bed, q bed, say 
hi, when he asks what his favourite movie is, say movie that was on 
side of the house,  shake hand, climb window - done.(20)

Other version;

go w into the tube, spin around. This take you to the roof. Search the 
X, read the paper, go to the vault, enter combination, inside the vault 
exa the money, exa the bill. There should be a $26 bill that has waldo 
on it. Search the plate, exa plate. This tells you to look for a fish 
eye to find waldo. go back to the tank. exa fish exa eyes, exa eye, 
search eye this should press a button which takes you to waldo. Tell him 
his favourite movie from the side of the house and then shake his hand. 
climb out to window to exit room.

Mars Attacks

exa bottom of the pool for paper
It says: 'If it's Waldo you seek then you must look for a Flower Pot'.  
Odd
plants in the central room w of the area entrance.

38) Accipiter: (25) 
Accipiter says: Ahh, good, good...you are most kind.  There is a 
special forest south of the mainland, the Forest of Types.  If only you'd be 
so kind as to retrieve for me a branch of the Moon Tree, and some 
Turquoise Jelly.     Accipiter says: Turquoise Jelly is a useful ooze 
congealed from the branch sap of a water tree. Some shamans value it in 
rain-making spells.  I myself use it in some recipes for its light,salty 
flavour.
Accipiter continues: It is a trifling request almost... both are easily 
enough obtained. And I will ensure that the forest will aid you.

Accipiter says: I need both items for a broth I am cooking.  When you 
return with them, we can both sit and enjoy the warm soup,and I'll tell 
you all you wish to know about the world of the creators.
Accipiter says: Oh, and concern yourself not with the crane who guards 
my home... he will pay you no heed.
Accipiter says: The Forest of Types is an enchanting island to the 
south,and a fairly new addition to our realms.  Its origins have a tale 
about them...
You say: tale
Accipiter says: Several centuries past, back when the realms were lush, 
untorn by the new beasts called into our lands whilst their summoners 
waged a bitter, pointless struggle, our kind was born.
Accipiter says: As it was told to our first generation, and as it has 
been passed down through our myths and blood, our own war would be with 
the man/trees of the north.  And yea, for centuries we did war with the 
trees, as it continues today thus.
Accipiter says: However, once a young hawk named Accipiter came of age, 
he decided that blood need not be spilt any longer, that our claws need 
not sunder bark, nor our beaks pierce the dry flesh of wood any more.
Accipiter says: This young hawk was the first to voice such a thought, 
and he was received thus with indifference at first.  However, he soon 
gained renown for his scholarship, and attained high rank among his 
kind despite his radical anti-war beliefs.
Accipiter says: And one day, this enterprising hawk embarked upon a 
certain project...he flew to an island south of Wayhaven;a desolate though 
fertile isle, and spent the greater part of the next forty years 
planting a magical forest ripe with all species of trees.
Accipiter says: When my creation was complete, I offered it to the 
man/trees as a gesture of peace, as a message that at least one man/bird 
remains averse to the violence of years past.
Accipiter says: And yea, once our Power gained word of my offering, I 
found myself here, on the cold ground, remanded to a fate of flightless 
impotency.  A bittersweet tale, yea

You say: hi
Cocodryllus says: Truly I am in no mood for pedestrian chat, 
adventurer. Begone, yea

You say: moon tree
Cocodryllus's right eye flashes.Cocodryllus says: It be the Moon Tree 
ye seek?  True, ye be close, as it lie just beyond this creek.  But to 
visit our fair Mother, I'm afraid, is quite out of the question.  You 
see, since with only one eye I cannot tell friend from foe, alas you may 
not pass.

You say: eye
Cocodryllus growls: My eye was snatched by the wicked serpent, Anguis.
You say: anguis
Cocodryllus says: Ah, we have a long history of enmity, he and I.  He 
is but a wee snake, ye see...but he caught me unawares last night, and 
plucked my eye from my brainpan.
Cocodryllus says: He slithered off before I could lay chase.  He is 
probably back in his rocky refuge by now.
Cocodryllus says: I wonder how he even made it to this isle.  Perhaps 
he stowed away in some adventurer's boat.
You say: rocky
You say: refuge
Cocodryllus snarls: The piteous beast finds home in brief rock 
settlements, and prefers unbearably hot, dry conditions. Indeed, he is not a 
native of this island.

Charter forest of types at the ferry.


39) Attrition!: (25)

40) REMOVED

41) Dragon Shell: (25)

42) Haunted Manor: Fantasy/city portal/12n/leave/8n/all w. 
Follow the path until it ends.  
Find the window, and open shutter/open window/climb window 
then go s/e and go upstairs. Go w/n/examine ceiling/pull lever.
 Go 2s and kill the guy and get dagger.  
Go south again and smash amulet and kill the guy.  
He summons imps, so run north and kill them before he summons 
enough to kill you. 
Akura has a no-leave spell that he occasionally casts. (25)

43) Heart of the Cosmos: Find the USA today that is floating around 
chaos/study horoscope.  Go to each of the 12 houses and kill all of the 
mobs.  When they die, they will drop a gem that you will automatically 
pickup.  Search the rainbows in the main corridore to find 4 more gems.  
Search each sign in front of every house to find the recipe for making 
the perfect gem.  Go to the center room, topple all of the flags and 
kill the giant that arrives (110k, help is allowed).  get his hammer, 
make the gems, go d and hold gem, heal sphere.(25)

44) Katin: First find George Weathermay, but don't attack him. From 
forest portal, go: 2s, sw, w, nw, enter mist (to enter ravenloft) George 
Weathermay is in the forest south-west of barovia. So, once you've gone 
in, go:n,nw,n,ne,n,nw,n,ne,n,10w,s,4sw,6w... George hangs around here, 
particularly at the goblin camp just to the south. Mention the journal, 
and he gives it to you. Open it, and a key drops out. Get the key, and 
read the journal. Go back to forest portal.  From forest portal, go: 
3e, 5n, ne, search.  Follow the northern path to the hidden cemetery. In 
the northwestern part of the cemetery is a tomb. Enter the tomb, unlock 
the door. go down to the crypts. In the southern part of the crypts is 
a wight.  kill it and get the key it carries. Go to the northern wall 
of the crypts, where you'll find a door about 1/2 way along the wall. 
Unlock the door. Go north and kill Tireena (12k). (25)

45) Larissa's Thingy: (this is wrong now, Mischief added another room 
and item that you need to make the thingy).  vortex, 2e,s,e,n,get 
letter,n, kill adam, (go back and identify tools), pick lock, kill burglar, 
get crowbar, pry crate, get dynamite, ring doorbell, climb stairs, exa 
keyhole, get key, open door, clean fixture, open drawer, get 
screwdriver, open right door, d, remove screws, remove grate,  get key, search 
cabinet (twice - first time is soap,  2nd is wire), jump trampoline, 
unlock trunk, open trunk, peruse titles, read book, step stairs, n, search 
utility drawer, get glue, 2s, say backdoor (combination), w, open 
closet, enter closet, search papers, get scroll, out, e, 2n unlock backdoor, 
enter 9 3 2 2, open backdoor, exa tree, exa hole, put dynamite in hole, 
light dynamite, door (until after the dynamite explodes, if you stay 
there you die), open door, get root, door, read scroll... give shiny 
thingy to larissa.(25)

46) Nuke: You read the documents carefully, and discover that the test 
site is just north of Detroit. Wass spills his guts and tells you he 
hid the keycard at the test site in the tent.

Wass mumbles: We'll show em...fire that nuke...
He also tells you that the code for the launch is "10.22.74"
Science/enter/u/4n/d/9n/8e/se and you'll be near an oasis.  Enter the 
oasis where you can and search. Kill the sludge.  Search again and go 
down.  Go all east once inside and then south.  Kill the bandits and the 
soldier.  Search desk. Peruse papers. It should tell you where the test 
site is.  (this changes ALL the time. Make sure you're looking for the 
right one.) then go south and kill the soldier there.  Search his desk 
and get the key.  Go to the doors in the eastern hallway and enter the 
middle one.  Take the soldier hostage and he'll tell you where he hid 
the keycard.  Find the secret door leading south in the main hall 
(should be before all the marked doors and is listed in the long room 
description).  Search on the staircase for another key and unlock the next 
door.  In the next hallway there's a door leading north.  That's the 
computer room.  Go to the test site that you read about and search around 
for the passkey (sit on hole to find it). When you get it go back to the 
computer room.  Look at the wall and the plug, then plug the computer 
in.  Insert passkey and then type the code.  (I think you need to find 
the radio officer upstairs and take him! hostage to find the code). (25)

47) Spire: First go to wforest, 1e, 2s and talk to grus.  Talk to him 
about war etc and eventually ask him about spoils.  He'll give you a 
cube. In the tundra in northern fantasy is a room (5 or 6s, 5 or 6 e of 
portal ice) where there is a 'shadow' in the room descrip.  Exa or search 
the shadow and you get the spire before you.  Enter spire.  Be sure to 
exa/search lotsa stuff in this area. Map the spire out real quick, be 
sure not to 'get' anything yet.  This could get you stuck. Do not attack 
stuff until the thing at the end, you don't need to.  Ok, from the base 
go up once, search the walls, etc. here and you'll find a piece of 
bark, get bark, it falls, you see symbols on the step, exa them, and write 
them down.  In the room with the bird/man, talk to him, he will 
eventually start looking down at a lever, but he is too prideful to ask you 
for help, pull the lever, you get knocked into the se corner.  Search 
around in here, you get a piece of paper that tells you how to enter the 
room behind the tar-door-circle thingy.  In the room with the man being 
turned into a plant, trace the symbols you found on the step into the 
blood and he will spell out 'VOLUNTEER'.  In the room with the machine 
and skeleton you can find a pipe on the machine.  Put the cube in the 
pipe, it runs, and then you can get the plant from the skeleton's chest.  
In a room just up and east from the tar-door, a plant loads on the 
floor.  After you go through the tar-door and talk to the guy in here for a 
long while, you will find his name to be Michael.  After this you can 
go and get the plant, a guy will walk in, and he won't let you go out 
until you give the name of the plants father (michael).  As you have 
learned Michael wants his daughters back.  Give the 2 plants to him.  He 
will then say you have his protection in the Spire.  Go all the way to 
the top.  Here, simply 'volunteer'.  After a long wait you will be in the 
room with a thing with name = the symbols you saw earlier.  Bow to 
thing.  Should be done. (25)

48) Whodunit: Chaos/enter/3s/all south/out2/s.  Go all s/e to the 
courtyard, then find the front door.  Search mat for the key and let 
yourself in.  Wander around inside and kill each mob in there except the 
butler and the ghost of Body.  Each person will have an item, and search 
each room until you find a weapon and a room item from each room with a 
mob in it (some rooms only have 2 items in it).  There are some outside 
too (the rock in the courtyard, the dime in the fountain, and Mr. Grey 
and a gun in the Gazebo.)  The get all of these items and go to Body.  
There is also a swithblade hidden in one of the secret passages in the 
corner rooms of the house ("search" to find them). Give Ghost an item 
from a room, a person, and a weapon.  He'll tell you what's wrong.  Keep 
giving him items until you get it right. (25)

49) Silver/Blue: Chaos/enter/n/climb tower/board balloon.  First, map 
the entire area and find the players: Silver, Blue, Gold, Bronze, Grey, 
Rose, Green, Black (can't reach him yet).  It's not that big, and there 
are no hidden entrances/exits.  First go to Silver, n/9w from the 
balloon docks. Ask him about all the players, especially Green.  Find Green, 
he wanders around, but usually around the balloon docks.  Ask him about 
all the players and the paragons.  He'll ask you to get him a Peace 
Feather before he'll help you more (also ask about armour, nothing to do 
with the quest, but nice).  Go kill a peace and give Green the feather.  
He'll tell you to ask the paragons about Blue.  Wander around saying hi 
to every Paragon you see.  Eventually one will tell you what it saw and 
give you Hope.  Give Hope to Silver and ask him about all the players 
again.  Go talk to Gold (3e, 3s from silver), say help, he'll tell you 
to go see Bronze (from Gold: 4e, 9n, ne, climb, all up).  Wait at the 
top for Bronze to show up (will take a minute or 2).  Say help.  Bronze 
will ask you to go kill Grey (From Bronze, all down, sw, 6s, 3e, n, 
enter, all d.  Kill Grey and head back to Bronze.  He'll take you on a 
flight to see Blue and give you proof.  Return to Silver and give him 
proof.  Talk to him and agree to help him kill black.  Go 19e, 3s, kill 
guard, se, kill guard, sw, kill guard, enter, kill Black (let silver tank).  
(27)  (Paragon, Peace, Radiance, Timorous, Swoop, Snare, Shadow, 
Hostile, Impediment, Dismal, Gloom, Glimmer)

Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the peace feather. 
(Peace)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the impediment branch. 
(Impediment)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the radiance horn. 
(Radiance)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the hostile pelt. 
(Hostile)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the snare mud. (Snare)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the shadow material. 
(Shadow)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the paragon feather. 
(Paragon)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the swoop eye. (Swoop)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the timorous tail. 
(Timorous)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the glimmer globe. 
(Glimmer)
Green slashes at the hide armour, deftly adding the dismal soul. 
(Dismal)

50) Van Richten: 
&1n1nw1n1ne1n1nw1n1ne1n10w1s4sw6w1nw2w1sw1w2n1steps1door

&1leave2s1e1ne2e1se6e4ne1n10e1s1sw1s1se1s1sw1s1se1s1enter 
mist1e1n1portal3e1s1e2s1w1portal6n1e1ne1u



In Fantasy go s/s/sw/w/nw from forest portal and enter mist.  kill 
nightmare, get the phylactery and wear it. 



Then go northward till you get past the sign and can go west.  go west 
till you find van rich, nod to him and go all w then 
e/s/4sw/8w/nw/n/3w/sw/2w/2n/steps, unlock door.  now you need a match: search jacket in 
main room, it's on the coat rack, get box of matches, and light match.  
next you need the keys.  To get the first is look at stairs, look at 
banister, look at ball, move ball.  go east arch(maybe west, can't 
remember).  in one of the arches there are like 6 aggro dudes, but you can 
just stop combat on em, in study look at ashes, or search ashes, its in 
the fireplace.  then go upstairs and then go westroom.  look at the 
drawer and move panel or something, then go door eastroom now you need the 
fetters.  open closet in spare bedroom and search closet, get bear.  go 
back to kitchen where the aggros are/were, go to pantrydoor, look at 
shelves, search shelves, move panel, reach into hole and you should get 
an axe.  leave immediately or a swarm of rats will attack you.  then go 
to door3. immediately go stairs and unlock chest.  You should get the 
dress, then search pile/get shovel/unlock door/door/smash brick.  an 
aggro 40k priest with 3 attacks comes out.  you need to get holy water and 
rites from him.  after he is dead and you get the stuff dig in this 
room and then room with ghost of a man, you should find a skull, if not 
you need to go back to the front door and go steps, dig there and the 
room north, when you find skull, ignore the skull for a bit, go back to 
child, with bear in hand, burn bear, then go back downstairs past the 
shadow and burn axe, then go to dining room and burn dress, then go back 
to skull and sprinkle water then SPEAK, must be speak, say won't work, 
the magic words are from 'peruse rites'. (27)

51) Atlantis: chaos/2w/s/dive in bucket/se/2sw/se/search/n/take 
bracelet.  Then go s/nw/w/n/e and kill the Cyclops.  Search bones, get bone 
and go w/n/e/e/pool/4d/n/portal/breathe/2n/2w/look at the lamppost and 
the paper, read the notice and go west.  Give bone to 
merdog/search/se/kill mayor/search and get the key.  Go nw/3e/2s/e and say quest, say 
kraken, and say notice.  Go palace/n/w/play song/fix key/nw/u/search 
boxes/get horn. Then go d/se/4e/pull cord/tighten lightbulb/ne/u/say book/say 
yes/take book.  Go d/sw/3w/3n/w/search papers/push button/nw/u and 
search accessories and get the mirror.  From here, go d/se/3e/n/u/w/s and 
fix photograph then go 2d and get jar.  Head 2u/n/e/n and get monkey 
from tank.  Head s/d/s/2w/2s/3e and search gear then get the lasso.  Go 
3w/s/e/n/d and give book to guard.  Go cell/e/nw/e/w/se/s/e/sw/w and then 
kill medusa, get her head.  Go e/ne/w/n/out/u/s/w/2s/w/2n/3e/2n and 
unlock the gate, go n/e/n search and lasso stalactite.  Climb lasso then 
head n/w and blow horn, hold head, pool and free princess. (30)

52) REMOVED

53) Dragon Egg: go the 1st level of the underdark, on the east side 
follow the passage south to the vortex that opens to the dragon area.  
Kill the guardian dragon, then go 
sw/2w/2n/w/s/w/s/w/n/w/n/w/2n/e/s/2e/n/w/3n/e/n/2e/s/e/n/2e. There you will fight The Guardian of the Future, 
Tiranor.  So named because he protects the dragon egg.  You'll have to 
kill him. He's over 1.5 million (Finger Windward.) Beat him down, 
somehow.  Now go east again, search the nest, get the egg. Run to the rabbit 
hole where Cae is and give him the egg. (20)

54) Hide And Seek: *Warning: you must have a 30 str when doing this 
quest!* Chaos/enter/3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/4n/enter.  Go 2e/3n/e and kill the 
brooms.  Search wall/move panel/bow down in worship/kill commander and 
get the jar.  2w/2n/u/2e/d and kill OJ, search plate, get the knife.  
E/enter/nw/2w/s and open dresser, wear ring, gaze into mirror/s/w and 
open refrigerator.  Go 2e and slide on slide/n/knock on door/kill 
vinnie/search bed/2d/s/kill tun-gai/e/kill Steve/search devices and get the 
toaster.  Then go w/n/2u/s/2e/se/2e/2n/e and open the refrigerator (if 
your strength is lower than 30 you won't be able to open it).  Go w/2n/u 
and search carpet.  Go nw, make sandwich, give sandwich to Joe and tag 
Matt.  (30)

55) Shadowrun: First: map Atlanta (in science) otherwise you'll get 
lost.

Find Mr Johnson in Atlanta.  He is located 2w, 2n, 2w from the subway 
entrance.

Speak to him about the quest, then follow these steps:

1. First, get the door remover in the gunshop on the south end of Avery 
Street by killing the guy in the 2nd room. (subway, 1w, 9s, 2w).

2. Activate the remover in the activator 5n and 4e, d from the subway 
entrance.

3. Go to the green lightning gang hideout (1w, 7s, 3e, s) and remove 
the door that is 2 south and up from the entrance.  Kill the leader for 
the passcard. He is 47k, but only has one attack.

4. Activate the passcard in the activator in the north east corner of 
town.  From the subway, 4n, 6e, 2n, e, s.

5. The go down to the parking garage (2e, n from subway) and go down to 
the 5th sublevel. In the northwest corner of the 5th level insert 
passcard.

6. Enter and kill the drone.  It will die easily.  Go past it and get 
the datachip.  Then get out of the garage.  

7. Go and activate the datachip in the 3rd activator, which you have 
not used yet.  It is located 7e from the subway.  Then go and give the 
activated datachip to Mr. Johnson in the bar in the northwest part of 
town.

8. He will give you 10k coins and the qps.. (30)

56) REMOVED

57) Pub Crawl: I don't know where all of the pubs are.  
Therefore, here is as complete a list as I can provide.  
If you know of others that are not on this list, please 
email me with directions and the name!  
I update my list as often as possible. (35)
Fantasy Pubs (Portals: PR = Road, PC = Wayhaven [City], PF = Forest)
Black River Pub: ??
Blood on the Vine: PF/2s/sw/w/nw/enter mist/n/nw/e/3n/nw/n/ne/n/7w/n/e
Crown's Pub: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/enter south gate/2n/e
		
Deep Mountain: PF/5w/6s/5e/8s/2w/s/3d/3n/nw/3w/7s/3e/se enter hole/s		
Dragon's Den: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/n/enter town/4n/ne/enter 
traveler/push 3/leave/n/e
Egon's: PC/12n/leave/8n/5w/2n/path/enter
Elven Spirit: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/2e/n/enter town/4n/ne/enter 
traveler/push 2/leave/5e/s/w
Golden Nugget: PR/4w/2n/path/gates/5n/e/s/w
		
Jerusalem Pub: PR/w/2n/u/summon 
Pegasus/mount/kick/3n/e/2n/enter/4n/3w/pub
Kaynbee: PC/12n/exit/8n/3w/2n/nw/ne/u(harafin)/cave/trace 
symbol/u/out/e/n/d/4e/2s/w
Lazarian: (????)
Meat Market: PC/12n/leave/5n/15w/nw/w/nw/w/sw/6s/2w/n
Mystic Inn: PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/3e/enter city/3s/w		
Pirate's Hole: (????)
Razorin (Swampy Drinks): PR/7e/tear/3se/e/5s/w/3s/e/4s/7w/3s/3w/enter city/3s/e/s/2e
Silvermane: PeF, e, 4n, 2ne, 3s, e, 2s, e, s
Sleeping Dragon Pub: (????)		
South Face Tavern: (????)
Tabard Inn: PC/12n/leave/8n/3w/n/enter
Tall and Short of It: PC/5e/5n
Tavern of the Catacombs: PR/7e/n/d/n/e
Tavern, Razed: (????)
Titan's Tomb: PC/15e/leave/3s/w/board/2s/9e/2s/e/9s/e
Troll Fodder: PR/w/2n/enter/3n/w/4n/2w/2s
Underdark Pub: PF/5w/6s/5e/8s/2w/s/3d/s/3e/enter/n
Wayhaven: PC/8e/3s/se/4s/e
Winter's Haven: PR/4w/enter/3w/2n

Chaos Pubs (all directions from vortex)
Bacchus:  erratio forest/search for fairy/chase fairy multiple 
times/sleep/gate/5e/2n/2e (cloak of the poet is at ivory bench, 5e)
Barker's Bar: 3e/2s/2e/n/9e/n
Burdog Saloon: 3w/5s/e
Crydee Village Pub: 4w/e/s/w/s/2e/u/2n/2d/enter/s/2e/4n
Dolen's Inferno: 3e/2s/2e/n/8e/3n/rent/sleep/dream (drops you randomly, 
find the scummy alley)/u
Gug Butcher Shop: (????)
Kyoto: Find the Strange Boy that wanders Chaos. 'trace symbol' then go 
left/right/forward/forward/forward/forward/left/forward/right/forward
Moe's Tavern: Find the TV that wanders Chaos. Enter tv/3w/enter
Reservoir Pub: 2e, 2s, sw, 2s, w, n, w, 2s, 2e, s, 2e, s, 3e, s, 2e, n
Revelwood Pub: 3e/2s/2e/4n/break arch/say land/w/2nw/n/say aliara/climb 
vine/2u/sw/nw/w/u/2e/sw/se
Roadhouse Bar: 4w/e/s/w/s/read book/3e/5n/3w/n
Soda Jerks: n/shop
Starbucks: 3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/3n/3w
Tea Shop: 2w/4n/gate/3w		Tropical Tavern: 3e/2s/e/n		
The Undersea Pub: 3w/s/dive in bucket/d/se/2sw/se/search/n/take a 
bracelet/s/nw/ne/nw/e/pool/4d/n/portal/breathe/2n/4e
Willie's Waterhole: 3e/2s/2e/n/3e/n/2w/2n/4e/2n/3e

Science Pubs (all directions from inside portal)
Angel's: (????)
Bar Car of the Musicland Express: u, 2e, d, board train, out, 2s, d, w, 
d, enter
Bill Bond's Tavern: u, 3n, d, board train, exit, w, u, w, 5s, 9sw, 4w, 
n
Camazot Distilery: u/4n/d/n/2e/10n/enter/2w/n/kill man/enter tent/
Dead Hawaiian: u/2e/s/d/board train/out/u/2w/2n/w 
Deevers: 2u/board shuttle/out/4w/4n/enter 
shuttle/out/5w/d/2w/sw/nw/n/nw/n/nw/n/ne/enter/s
Grav Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/s/w/enter pod/2u/2e
Hard Rock Cafe: (????)
Minklink Moon: (????)
Mos Eisley Cantina: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/n/w/enter pod/3n
Spacing Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/2d/n/enter pod/d/e/n
Syderman's Drink Shop: u/2e/n/board train/out/n/2d/s/ne
Techno Karyoke Bar: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/4s/board 
shuttle/exit/2n/enter train/leave/s/u/w/n/w or close by.
Ten Forward: science/2u/board shuttle/out/4w/2d/s/e/enter pod/beam
Zero-G Club: 2u/board shuttle/exit/4w/4d/2n/2w


58) Scavenger Hunt: I can only give hints at how to do this quest. Look 
in your guild box/equipment room, look at Cancer's, and watch the 
auction line.  Each list is randomized and some of the items are so bizarre 
that you might never find them.  Make sure you watch capitalization.  
The item MUST match EXACTLY as it is on your list. (35)

59) REMOVED

60) REMOVED

61) REMOVED

62) 

Far off to the southwest you can see land.


1 - Captain's Bed - all aft, starboard door.

2 - Break Table - all aft, 1 fore, starboard door.

3 - Officer's Quarters - Armoire Downstairs

4 - Books in Library

5 - Loot Body of woman - all aft, port door.

6 -



glasses - search chest in guest quarters

Chest with latch = keys



Hidden Treasure: Fantasy/city portal/12n/exit/7n/8east/shore/n/2ne/swim 
vessel.
You need 6 pieces of parchment, glasses, and to climb the mast and scan 
horizon
to see where to sail. 
Mobs are around 20-30k.  The glasses: (from entry point) 5 aft/enter 
starboard 
door/pry panel (several times).  
The parchment pieces: (from entry point and then in order from each 
previous piece)
: 4 aft/enter port door/search chest (several times)/search false 
bottom/out/enter 
starboard door/search cabinet/out/all the way fore/search 
figurehead/kill mermaid
/get all.  
Now go to the lower deck (3 aft and down).  Go 2 fore/enter port door
/kill wraith/search basket/out/2 aft/kill shadow/get all/aft/enter 
starboard door
/search beds.  Arrange the pieces, wear the glasses, go all the way to 
the top 
and kill the captain, steer the ship till you hit land and then look at 
the map 
to find out where to go to dig. (40)

63) REMOVED

64) Kimlark: Fantasy/forest portal/3e/se/4e/n (go to Kimlark).
  3w/4s/look at cliff, go u/2s/u/3w/n/u/w/3n/w. Kill guards, 
look at the oil painting then enter it.  Enter cottage and 
request a story from the old woman.  Leave the painting and 
go back e/3s/2e and kill the thief.  Go ne/n/e.  DO NOT GO DOWN
. Kill the guards, search the rocks, and enter the cave. 
Go down and the Gnome Warlord is east (he's major trouble. 
Get help killing him).  Get the amulet from  his backpack. 
Go back to the oil painting and go north.  Move the grate 
and you end up in a maze.  Map it.  By wearing the gnome's 
amulet most of the other gnomes will let you pass.  
Kill the dragon and get the key, then go se and search dung.  
Go d/3e/s/e/n/e/2s/3e/s/3w/s/2e/s/2w/s.  You can't go back north.  
Continue 3e/n/e/s/e and unlock the door, then go north and kill 
the Minotaur.  Get the crystal from him.  Go s/w/n/w/s/2w/search 
and climb cleft.  Go back to the dragon's room and go up.  
Go back to the castle's throne room (2e from the oil painting).  
Sit on throne and place crystal in chest. (40)

65) Miyu: This is the only one I'm providing a map for. Look for a boy 
wandering around chaos.  look at him, type: trace symbol, and you're in 
the Miyu area.

The directions to this area take a while to get used to: they aren't n, 
s, e, w.  Instead it uses left, right, forwards, backwards, and the 
orientation depends totally from what direction you entered the room from. 
You'll get used to it. Go to H on the map. Search houses, enter house.  
Once inside house, search debris. You'll find a mirror, which the boy 
in the house will take. Kill boy, get mirror.  Also look at the picture 
on the wall here. Go out, and go to L on the map. Search the records, 
and you find a diary. Kill the boy here (he takes the diary before you 
can).Read the diary.. it gives some history to the quest.  Go to T.. 
this is where the vampire Miyu is. Go back one space from her. Drop all 
your gear.  Then go back into the temple. Say hi, and she asks if she can 
bite you. Say yes, then type: bite me.  She bites you, and reduces you 
to 1 hp.  When she bites you, she also makes you drop everything you 
were carrying, and she takes it. This is why you drop your stuff in the 
other room. Heal yourself. get your gear, and then go to the Armor 
(marked A on map). Look at the mirror. Use mirror. Type: use mirror on 
armor. Then kill the armor.  This armor is tough... but you can't kill it at 
all unless you use the mirror on it first, and have been bitten by 
Miyu.  When Armor is dead, sever head from corpse. get head.  Go back to H, 
enter house, place head in picture. (40)

66) Ravenloft2: Ok the first part of the quest is you have to kneel at 
donavich (assuming you know where donavich is, just ask if you don't) 
Get all the stuff. Then you have to find the gypsy in the forest west of 
Barovia.  Then at the gypsy kill the golem, and open the door. Don't 
nod to the gypsy, pray. She will port you to another area. Only one per 
reboot gets it. You are on your own. You also have a time limit: the 
hour-glass.  Go: enter/e/s/w/search organ/w/s/e/get 
invitation/w/n/e/e/n/w/w/ne/se/e.  Watch the wedding and killing until it says that you 
remember the relics and have to get them quickly before Strahd does.  Go: 
w/nw/sw/enter/e/e/e/e/get all Kill Strahd as fast as you can, then go all 
the way west and pray. (40)

67) Covenant: Chaos/enter/4w/e/s/w/s/read book. You're now in the 
Covenant area. go w/turn doorknob/search cabinet/take 
knife/5e/3n/1e/1ne/2e/2n/kill guard/enter/search bar/out/2n/w/2n/w/search 
box/e/2s/3w/2n/w/kill nurse/search cabinet/e/7s/e/ne/8e/w/sw/5w/kill all the 
snakes/immobilize leg/stop circulation/sterilize knife/cut swelling/suck poison/keep 
token/out/e10s/3w/n/w/n/d/3e/enter pipe/e/d/enter hole/nw/2n/1w/kill 
snake/enter crack/nw/2n....all the way to the end, then 
d/3n/e/4n/2w/2s/1w/3n/3e/1n/1w/3n/6w/2s/1e/1n/2e/1s/1e/1s/2w/1n/1sw/1s/1e/2s/1se/1s/1e/2s/1se/1s/1u/5w/1u/1s/1e/1s/w/unlock 
drawer/take ring/wear ring

68) Mortal Kombat: In tencho, Chaos, 3w, 5n, gate. Go to the tea shop, 
3w from gate, say paper. Go 3e, 3n, 2e, s, alley, search, d, e, sw, e, 
say kode words from paper and you will receive a ring. Go back to the 
gate and go 2w, n, alley search, d, n, e, n, w, kill whatever is there, 
get key.  Go back to the gate and go 2n, 2e, 3s, 1w, alley search, d, 
e, ne, se, sw, kill Kosugi, say kode words and you will receive a 
medallion. (all mobs are 6-10k here)  Go back to the gate and go back to the 
chaos vortex.  Go to booknook, 4w, e, s, w, s, 3e, enter. ne, press 
play, wait, 2w, 6n, w, kill Cyrax (15k), free ninja, get shard.  Go back 
to Tencho, go 2w, 2n, e, ally, search, d, follow until you get to the 
pit (can be crossed if crystal is in inventory), go n to cross and get to 
Goro (46k).  Exa goro, say amulet, kill goro.  Take amulet.  Continue 
north until you get to portal, enter portal, archway, stairs, up,  you 
find Tsung.  Smash amulet, sit back and relax and watch the fight. (45)

69) The Secreet of Nimh: chaos, 3e, 5s, press play.
  Go south, search fence, exa haze, enter haze.  
Wander around the field until you find a cement block and enter it.
  Talk to Mrs. Brisby and ask her about Timmy.  
She'll give you a piece of paper to take to Mr. Ages.
Go s, all w, n, w, all n.  Climb the harvester and squeeze 
through the cracks and find Mr. Ages.  Talk to him about 
Timmy and tell him how badly ill he is.  Give him the 
list of paper and he'll tell you to find a piece of wire or tubing.
The tubing is the in se room of the Brisby house where all the 
kids are (exa window/curtains, search window/curtains).  
The wire is in the flower bed by the house (search flowers).
Give the wire or tubing to Ages and he'll give you a packet 
of medicine to give to Ms. Brisby.  Give Mrs. Brisby the medicine 
and she'll direct you to Auntie Shrew. Find here wandering the fields.
  She'll tell you to find the Great Owl.  Go to the Mill south of the 
fields and talk to Jeremy...he'll tell you that he'll take you if you
 bring him some sparklies (there are a total of 4):  Penny - search 
weeds s/e or s/2e of where you start or in the potplants on the 
porch of the farmhouse, Quartz - go all s in the field, all w, 
e search lane, Glass - se corner of the field, search ground, 
Foil - first room of the mill, search holes/search river/search water.
Give them to Jeremy until he accepts one.  Ride him to the Owl.  
Owl tells you to find the rats and to tell Nicodemus to move to the 
"lee of the stone".  Return to the fields and find the rosebush by 
the house.  Push thorn to get to the rats.  Talk to Brutus about 
brisby and Nicodemus and he'll tell you to talk to Ages.  
Talk to Ages to get proof and return to Brutus, he'll tell you to 
push top corner to get in.  Go down, search soldiers to reveal Justin.  
Go south to the elevator and search around, return to Justin and ask 
about the lantern and he'll tell you to stamp floor to go down.  
Talk to Jenner and Sullivan about brisby and jonathon and they will 
take you to Nicodemus.  Talk to Nico and tell him lee of the stone 
and accept his offer to take out Dragon the cat.  As soon as you get 
to the hole, run n and 2e (i think) to the food bowl and "drug food" 
and return to the hole.  You'll get caught and put in a birdcage.  
exa/search papers, sweater, thread, pull thread.  Kick water tray 
to get out. Tie thread to get down.  Then kill Sullivan and then 
Jenner (jenner is no-leave, about 40k).  Take the amulet and give 
it to Brisby. (45)

70) REMOVED

71) Boomer Crisis: (50)

72) Cernunnos: Go to the Wayhaven library and look up Cernunnos and 
runes.  Go north and east of Wayhaven and find the druidic stones there 
(you'll be able to go up), in the center of the stones there's a stone, 
get the stone look at it and rub it. Kill this incarnation of Cernunnos 
- Cernunnos is the Celtic leader of the hunt.  Okay, now go to the 
Cernunnos area (east forest portal/e/4s/w/2s/w/s there's a priest somewhere 
down there.  Get into the forest and climb to the top of the hill 
(you'll notice the path you follow runs in a circle, keep trying to go 
directions into the circle to go up the hill).  To get out of the forest 
you'll have to find a path at the bottom of the hill that leads south back 
to the entrance, it'll be hidden as well. Go to the top of the hill, 
look at the runes on the stones you pass and try and make head or tales 
of them.  At the top of the hill you'll have to rub your stone again and 
fight an incarnation of Cernunnos, this time though you get a sword and 
helmet when you kill him.  Then you gotta figure out wtf the symbols 
mean and do something to finish the quest.  Don't try leaving the area.  
After you rub the stone at the top of the hill the Hunt begins, and 
you'll be fighting tons of dumb mobs, hacknslash is 10/10. (50)

73) Ring of Power: Go to the zoo in chaos. From Da Void, it's n, w, n, 
and then search around a bit.. it's near the hide and seek quest. Enter 
the zoo, go 3n into zookeeper's house. Move the rug and get the key to 
open the drawer in his desk. Get the journal and read it all.  Go s, 
4w, s, sw, w, kill polar bear, get feather.  Go e, ne, 4n, enter tree, 
kill lion, get horn.  Leave the tree, go 2s, nw, w, kill panther, get 
tail.  Go e, se, s, enter house, kill zookeepers. Clean mirror, gaze 
mirror. You are transported to place with a maze. Now, make sure you have 
plenty of healing... lots of maze guardians that don't hit hard, but 
there can be lots of them. Also make sure you have something to mark your 
way through the maze or you will be terminally lost! Enter the maze. You 
will soon find that directions don't correspond: so that if you go left 
to get to one room, if you then go right you probably won't end up back 
where you began. So mark the rooms and work out the directions. There 
are 15 rooms total.  When I did it, the directions to the end were: 
forward, forward, left, left, backwards, left, left, backwards, left, left, 
forward, right, forward, and you should be at castle.  Don't enter the 
castle yet! Search stone, go down, kill dragon (68k).  Put horn in 
conical hole, put feather in oblong hole, put tail in cylindrical hole, get 
ring of power.  Then go up. If you need healing go back, else enter 
castle, go up, kill wizard (he's fairly nasty, but not TOO bad, 71k), 
enter crack, melt ring in lava. (55)

74) The Project: Enter Science, u/4n/d/2n/11w/nw.  Go a couple north 
and west until you see a compound (it's a small area, so it won't take 
you long to find it).  Enter the compound and then go all the way north 
to the shuttle to Mars.  There is a messenger here that you can speak 
to. Ask him about Mars and mines and stuff. Go to the shuttle, enter it 
and go to Mars.  On Mars you're inside a large covered colony. Map it. 
The shuttle is in the most north eastern part of the colony. The areas 
aren't really very big, so it won't take you long to map it. From the 
shuttle, go:2 sw, w, sw, w, d, 2w, sw, nw, n, nw, n, ne, n, enter massage 
parlor. You can speak to the woman at the back by the stairs.  Go up 
the stairs and into a room with a woman in it. If she has a passcard then 
kill her and get it. If she doesn't then you'll need to look around on 
wandering workers for one (correct ID Badge will have a small security 
symbol on it, I found it upstairs in the bar in the north of the plaza, 
think it was search bed, but moves around).  Leave the massage parlor, 
go back s, sw, s, se, s, se, then go: sw, 2s, and into the large plaza 
area.  Wander around here until you find a tourist with a camcorder. 
Kill them and get it. You'll need the camcorder to record what you see 
down in the mines.  In the north east part of this plaza is the news 
office, where you'll need to take the info you get to solve the quest.  
Find the secret genetics lab.  From where you entered on the shuttle, go: 
2sw, w, nw, n, w, and use the elevator to go down. Wander about in the 
mines until you find a door with a card reader. You'll need to use the 
passcard that you got to open the door and enter the lab.  If you can't 
find the door in these mines, then try the mines on the surface of the 
planet. First buy an environment suit from the shop in the south east 
area of the plaza. If you leave the colony without it then you'll die. 
Wear the suit!  Then go to the airlock in the sw area of the plaza, and 
go out on to the surface of the planet. From here, go: 5w, 2n, e 
(hidden exit)and into the mines here. Once you enter the lab, immediately 
attack the scientist here(Dr. Gnolwright - he is no leave, 50k)). Kill 
him. He'll summon orderlies to attack you, so if you have some sort of 
calming power then use it.  Once he's dead, then go east into his office. 
Search through the computer stuff. Search disks until you find one that 
looks important. Get disk.  Then go back west, n to a pit. Look at the 
pit full of bodies.  Start recording on the camcorder (the description 
tells you how).  Stop recording again. Then go back to the news woman 
in the plaza in the colony.  She'll immediately take the objects that 
you have. (55)

75) Rutha-Al. (60)

76) Megatech: The new Megatech is a lot harder then the old one.  You 
have to go from the subway, u,4w,3s,all w, kill enforcers, n, 2w, n, 
kill enforcers open door, west, free man, and talk to him.  He'll give you 
a card and tell you about bob, now you go back to the subway, go 
u,5n,3e,5n,w,n,2w,4n then enter, and look at the stove, walls, and stuff.  It 
will tell you to turn one of them (it changes) or turn knob, or turn 
handle, but if you turn the wrong one, a hole will come.  If you enter 
the hole, you'll die.  You should find a down exit, go down and show the 
card you got from the man you freed and he will give you a bunch of 
passkeys.   Now, from level 300-450 you have to use the passkeys.  In each 
room you have to 'search', and in some you find a panel.  One should 
say just that it's black, but the one you want to find is the one that is 
long, and it has '[ready]' on it.  Now when you find the [ready], 
insert the lowest number of the passkeys you have (should get a 3,5,7,10) 
and so on.  On level 300, use passkey 3, and on level 350 use passkey 5 
and such, this is the hard part.  Anyway, once inside, the directions 
are approximately: for level 50->100, all east, all s, should be like 3 
or 5n, then go west.  For level 100->150 all east, all south, (sw 
corner) 2e,all north, e, n.  For level 150->200 w,n,6e,s,w.  For level 
200->250 2e,s,10w,10n,e,2sfor level 250->300 4n,e,s and all the levels after 
300 you have to find the panel, and that's different for each person.  
'search' in each room for them and you'll find panels in some.  Look at 
panel and when you see a [ready] insert the correct passkey (lowest one 
that you have) check the numbers by look at front of passkey.  On floor 
500 go all west to Ancient Western dragon and kill it. Go west again 
and kill Arnold Hesler. (65)

77) Red Death: (65)

78) Prismatic Jewel: (70)

79) Seahaven: (70)

80) Kill Bahamut: Note: Pay attention to what is said by the dragons as 
they die.  Starting from forest portal go 3w/2sw/4s/5e/7s/2w/s (you are 
in underdark shed).  Head 3d/3n/ne/d (first room of 1st level 
maze)/4e/s/e/n.  Here is the black dragon.  Kill it and get tooth, then head 
2s/e/s/2e/3s/search/vortex/up till you get past the dragon.   Kill the 
green dragon and get tooth.  Head d/vortex/n/2w/n/3w/2s/2w/n and kill the 
white dragon, then get tooth.  Go 
s/2e/n/2e/n/e/s/2e/2n/2w/n/w/n/w/n/w/s/w/s/2e. Kill the blue dragon and get the tooth before heading 
2w/n/e/n/4w/u/sw/nw/3w/10s/se/ne/e/u and then search until you get the 
illusion stuff.  climb north and kill the red dragon, get tooth.  you now have 
all the teeth, you only need catalyst now.  Go back to the portal and 
go 5n/nw/3n/3e/se/ne/d/4e/s/e/s/e/s/2e/2s/2w/s/e/2s/2w/n/e and kill the 
dog if it's there before heading d/n/2e/s/2e/n/w.  Kill Gor Shirek and 
get the catalyst.  Trace your way back to first room of the maze (just 
reverse above dirs. till you are there) and go 
u/sw/3s/3u/n/2e/n/4w/3n/w and give all the teeth and the catalyst to shamus.  Kill shamus.  
When you attack, Bahamut pops in.  When Shamus is dead get the dragon 
slayer from corpse and wield it, kill Bahamut with it. (73)

81) Mira: Make sure this quest hasn't already been solved this boot. Go 
to the eforest portal, 6w, enter to get to Mira's house.  Arya Flower

Witch Doctor says: I once had the crystal of Tapan but it was stolen.
                   
Last I heard it was in the possession of some tower guard up north in 
the tundra---crystal is on ghalein or puddlum in medlar? (pt road 
portal,3e,4n,path,w,w,nw,n,n,ne is puddlum) You will find the snake in the 
possesion of the Snake Demon.  The Demon is hard to find but its large 
animal-like tracks will give away its location.
ingredients : water, blood of a mosquito, bill of a toucan, tail of 
aniguana, forked tongue of a snake, fangs of a tarantula,  the crystal of 
Tapan
Find the gardener and kill him so you can get the shovel, he has a rope 
as well some boots so grab that too. Check the Sailors at the ferry, 
sometimes they will have chains that you can use as well.  The head to 
Tapan (from city portal: 7w/8s/3e/pay ferryman Tapan) and then map Tapan 
when you get there.  Don't enter the river.  Find a monkey and kill him 
(make sure he is carrying vines because you need them, don't have vines 
some boots).  From the ferry, go 2s/4w and climb the cliff, search the 
nest, and get the chain.  Look for a tooth at the following locations: 
a) 3e from ferry (search sand), b) 2e/2s from ferry (search bones), or 
c) 2e/5s/2e/2s from ferry: look at cliff, climb down, enter caves, and 
search remains.  Don't take anything else. After you have the chain and 
the tooth type: make necklace with tooth.  Wear the necklace.  Go back 
to the temple (2e/5s from ferry).  Try to enter the temple and the 
guard will ask for a password.  It is one of the following: Zeilik, Levtar, 
Rao (found in Wayhaven Library). Once inside the temple, go east and 
pick up the tea leaves (and nothing else you greedy bastard!).  Leave the 
temple and go n/w into a hut. Search pottery and get the flower pot.  
From the temple guard go e/3s and search for a hidden exit.  Map this 
area too.  Look out for the crocodile.  Find the witch doctor and read 
the book.  It will tell you what you need. The Tapan Crystal will be in 
one of three areas.  One of them is Rastafan's maze on the two-headed 
troll, one is on a guard in the icelands north of Wayhaven. Give the tea 
leaves to the witch doctor so he can tell you what color snake needs to 
bite you.  THIS IS IMPORTANT!!!! Write it down, carve it into your 
head, remember it and keep it in your fucking head! Find the snake demon 
(secret exit along the west coast of Tapan). Kill the snake demon and 
search around for another exit. There will be lots of different colored 
Tapan snakes.  type 'kill <color> snake' where color is the one the witch 
doctor told you. IF YOU ATTACK ANY OTHER COLOR SNAKE YOU WILL DIE.  
After getting the potion, shovel, pot and vine cross the river at the 
river crossing (you ARE mapping, right?).  Go all south and kill the 
spirit.  You'll find the protector.  Type sprinkle protector and knock the 
guard out then go south.  Drop everything except the pot, vine, and 
shovel.  Climb the tree, climb the branch and then tie the vine on to the 
branch and climb down.  'dig up flower' and go back to Mira. (80)

82) Perplexus: OK, as the quest description says, go to Angelo, and 
look for the angel. From the west gate of Wayhaven (which is 12 west of 
the Wayhaven portal) go: 7n,14w,2s,bow (to Led), s, and you're in Angelo. 
Kill the guards on the main road here, and get the key. Go west, and 
into the guard outpost.  Kill the guards, search around, there's a 
trapdoor under the table. Move the table. unlock trapdoor, open, go down... 
follow the tunnels, killing cockroaches as you go. Where the tunnel 
forks, ignore the route to the troll, and go the other way (east). A few 
east, where the tunnel ends, you have to enter something or do something 
like that, and you'll find the angel. Speak to her.. use keywords like 
'hello', 'help', 'Perplexus'...and anything else that comes up. She'll 
tell you that to find out more, you have to speak to the old wise elf. 
And she'll tell you that he lives in the mountains to the north. If she 
still has it, she will give you a holy avenger sword (useful for 
killing the evil elf king later).  Leave the tunnels, and back out onto the 
main road, while you're in town, have a look around: a couple south and 
one east of where you are, there's a statue of Perplexus... this is 
really Perplexus who has been turned to stone.  Go back west, and a couple 
south along the main road, until you can't go any further. There's a 
strange wall to the west.  'push wall' and you'll end up behind it. Go 3 
west, 2s and enter the tower, or castle, or whatever. Go 2 east, 3s, 
kill the 3 guards. Go 3 up, north, kill Goliath. Search painting, and 
you'll find a back room. There's Armor of the Dragon here (unbreakable, +3 
strength), and 'quillions' which is part of the sword of Perplexus. 
Make sure you get this item! Go: out, s, 3d, 3n, 3w (back to tower entry). 
This time, go 2 west, 3s,m kill guards, 3u, n, kill Kargile. (this guy 
is a bit tougher than Goliath). Move plaque, and you'll enter a back 
room, this time you'll find the amulet of Perplexus.. keep this! To get 
back to town, go: out, 3d,3n,2e, leave,2n,4east. Head about 6 north 
(until you can't go any further), and you'll be out of town. From here, you 
need to get to the northern mountains. The direct route, I think, 
is:7e,6n. Or, from the west gate of Wayhaven, it's: 3 west,12 north, 4west, 
north.  Once you get to there, 'climb' twice. Go s, w, n, w, n, kill 
lich. The lich should have the handle for the sword.  Keep the handle!  
Go s,e,directly south for a few...somewhere here you go 2d, kill golem, 
go n to cave kill Mamakin. 'enter gap' get the blade, and you have the 
3 components for the sword!  DON'T make the sword yet!!!! As if you 
have to drop it or give it to someone, it vanishes, and the quest is 
ruined.  Go out, s,2u,n, go east as far as you can, until you find a tree... 
climb rope., e, u, and speak to Elistan, who will tell you more info 
about where the wise elf is. If you're not carrying the holy avenger 
sword, that the angel had, then he won't tell you much, but that's OK. Go 
2e,2d.  There's a bedroom to the south. Look at the dresser.. there are 
5 drawers.  Search all the drawers (search drawer1, search drawer 2 
etc.). You should find a diary (read this.. gives you more info) and a 
key.  Go north out of the bedroom again. There's a door in the floor: open 
door and go down. Go west and speak to the queen (don't remember her 
name) she'll tell you a little more about where the wise elf lives, and 
also tell you to ignore any messages saying he's not in.  Go west, n,d, 
out,w,4s,about 15 east, till there's a house to the north.  Go north. 
There's a sign saying that the wise one's out... ignore this and unlock 
gate (with the key from the dresser) enter the house. kill the guards, 
go north to an empty room. search fireplace, move brick, get crystal. 
Touch crystal (must be in this room), and the wise elf (Yeltor) will 
appear. He'll tell you what to do for the quest, if you talk to him.  He 
tells you to go see the scout in the village. Leave by going south a few 
times, and you'll end up back at the main path. Go back about 2 west, 
till there's a road to the south. Go south, east, ring bell, and the 
scout will come. say help, say quest, and he'll ask you who sent you... 
say 'Yeltor' Then he'll ask you to show him an item of Perplexus... show 
him the amulet.  He'll tell you to nod when you're ready. Now this is 
the good bit: only one person is supposed to be able to get into the 
gray elves tree at a time... but once he's been shown the amulet, anybody 
can 'nod' and be allowed entry. So you can take a tank with you, to 
fight the creatures you have to fight.  nod, and you'll be escorted into 
the back room. Go d, 2e,ne,4e,u,e (kill, or ignore the gray elves along 
the way). You're at the entry to the gray elves' tree. As mentioned in 
Elistan's diary, there's some twigs by the door. (look at the panels to 
the left and right of the door).  Now, if you get the combo wrong, then 
you may be roped up by your feet, and you need a knife of some sort 
from one of the monsters in the area to cut the rope, otherwise the only 
way out is to quit.  If this happens, you lose everything. So: before 
you try the combo, drop all your gear! Especially the quest items. If you 
get strung up  then you can quit but you have to come back and start 
over again.  If the door opens, and you don't get roped up, then get all 
your gear, and enter the tree. Go east, to a major intersection of 
tunnels. Now according to Elistan's diary, you have to put something in a 
large bowl, to open another door. From the intersection, go se, and 
follow it south. Search rags and you'll find an elf.  talk to him a bit 
using key words.  he'll reveal that if you place a stone in a bowl to the 
south, then you can take a rock from a room to the north, and drop it 
(he doesn't say where to drop it). Go back to the major intersection of 
tunnels. This time go ne, east for a few. There's a set of tunnels 
forking off: ne,e,se In each of these rooms is a priest. In each case, kill 
the priest, search the altar, and get the precious stone. You should 
have a ruby, and emerald, and a sapphire. Go back west, sw, to the major 
intersection. There is possibly a trap to the south, so drop your gear 
here. Just take the ruby with you. This time take the south corridor... 
look at markings on the wall. They will show what gem has to go in what 
bowl. Go north.. if you have done the bowl bit wrong, you'll fall into 
a pit and have to quit. Go north.. collect your gear. Go about 3 north, 
to the end of the corridor. Kill the skull. Go west: a room on some 
sort of springs... interesting, but you don't know what to do... Go back 2 
east, a room with a rock in it. Now that the ruby's in the bowl, and 
you have both other gems in your hands... you should be able to lift the 
rock. Go back to west to the springy room. Make sure both you and your 
tank are in the room. drop the roc and! the spring floor will drop, and 
deposit you in another room. Go west, kill the priests. Look at 
fountain. look at skull. Swivel skull. A secret door opens to the south. Go 
south, and kill the gray elf king. Make sure you have a tank!  Get the 
cloak of Perplexus! Go back north.. l at altar, search altar.  press 
switch until a portal opens up. Enter it, and you're back on the trail in 
the forest, north east of where the scout is. Go back west as far as you 
can, then go back east one. Go 4 north, east, in, 
u,s,2u,2w,d,w,d,2w,n,2d (out of the mountains) Go back to Angelo: from here, it should be: 
6s,7w,2s,bow,3s,e. here, or around here, is the statue of Perplexus... 
Holding the 3 pieces of the sword: handle, blade, and quillions, type: 
make sword, and the ego sword is made. type: place sword. type: place 
cloak type: place amulet and, the statue will come to life. (75)

83) Pyron: (75)

84) Dragon Knight: Go to the Portal of Life. From forest portal it's: 
3w, 2sw, 2s, 2e.Good luck trying to map it.  The area is dotted with 
following wyverns, which aren't hard to kill.  Object: free the queen from 
being entombed in stone. To do this you need 5 colored orbs that you 
get from killing the dragon knights, and the Staff of the Positive Plane 
to kill the High Cleric who guards her. You also need a hexagonal key 
and an octagonal key to get to her.  OK, go to green keep, kill guards 
(easy), n, e, search hearth, get rusty key,w, n, ne, 2u, n, push stone 
(on pillar), get red key. Ignore all other items here.  Go to blue keep, 
kill guards, n, w, search hearth, unlock door (with rusty key), hearth, 
search look at brick, l at symbols, push stone/button, get green key.  
Go back to green keep, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with green key, n, there 
is a dragon knight here. Wait for a minute and he will turn into a 
green dragon and attack. Kill him (he's not too hard). Get the green orb.  
Never wimpy from a dragon knight or demons come and attack you, and 
they are annoying.  Go to the 'wiz tree'. There is something in the 
description about an odd tree here. Search, turn knob, enter, u, and you will 
see an elven wizard. Say help, and he will give you a rainbow amulet. 
Wear this.  Go to red stronghold. kill guards, 2n, ne, 2u, n, make sure 
you're wearing the rainbow amulet, and enter. Make sure nobody follows 
you in.  There is a pillar here. Push stone, get blue key.  Leave the 
room and go down, sw. This time go nw, 2u, unlock door with red key, n, 
wait till dragon knight turns into dragon, kill him, get red orb. Go to 
blue keep again, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with blue key, n, and there is 
a bench here. Lay on bench, dragon knight comes, kill blue dragon, get 
blue orb. Go to village.  Follow the path into the center of the 
village, and then the wise woman is off to the nw. Go to her, and say help.  
She will give you a torch.  Leave the village and go to white keep. 
Kill guards, 2n and you see a fountain.  Melt ice (need that torch). Get 
scroll. Go ne, 2u, n, push stone (on pillar) and get black key. Go to 
black keep. Kill guards, 2n, nw, 2u, unlock door with black key, n, kill 
black dragon knight, get black orb.  Go s, 2d, ne, 2u, n, kill cleric. 
Push stone (on pillar). get white key.  If you enter the doorway here 
you will go straight back to white keep. Go to white keep, 2n, nw, 2u, 
unlock door with white key, n, kill dragon knight, and get white orb. 
OK, now you should have all the dragon orbs!  You need the more keys and 
the staff: Go to wyvern nest, climb (up into nest).  Kill all 4 
wyverns, search nest and you should find the staff of the positive plane. If 
not, go searching around the cliffs for more nests. You can insert one 
of the orbs into the staff, but don't try this right now, because you'll 
lose the orb and will have to go get another.  Go to lizard nest. Climb 
up, kill faerie lizards, search nest and you should find a crystal key. 
If not search around for more nests.

Hexagonal Key: Go to place marked Temple on map, search bushes, enter, 
look at murals, move brick, get hexagonal key.

Octagonal Key: The octagonal key is on a courier who wanders in the 
area.  I have always found him in the north east section.  Follow him and 
kill him (easy). Get octagonal key. 

When you're ready for the final assault on the palace, look at the 
scroll. Chant the words on the scroll and you end up at the cliff where you 
have to 'search cliff' and go up. Actually, this place is 7n of the 
portal of life, and you don't need the scroll at all to get there.  Go up, 
n, kill lich, 2 or 3n, till you see a pillar. Unlock pillar (with 
crystal key) and the drawbridge comes down. Go north and into palace.  The 
palace is basically a square, with a tower at each corner. In each tower 
is a device you need to unlock (using hex or octagonal key). When this 
happens the pyramid they were supporting floats to the ground and you 
can go in to free the queen.

What you do is: from just inside palace, go: w, kill cleric (no wimpy, 
but he's not too hard), sw, up, kill lich, (no wimpy), u, unlock 
device. 2d, ne, 2e, kill cleric (no wimpy), se, up, now there is a lich here 
who won't let you go up. Kill him, and you can go 2u, unlock device, 
2d, kill lich, nw, 2n, kill cleric (no wimpy), ne, u, dispose of the 
lich, u, unlock device, 2d, sw, 2w (past a couple of clerics, but they 
allow you to wimpy), nw, u, dispose of lich, u, unlock device. Now all the 
devices are inactivated, and the pyramid should come down. Go 2d, se, 
e, kill the 2 clerics, 2s, wield the staff of the positive plane, kill 
cleric. He should vaporize with the first hit. Get out all 5 orbs, look 
at the stone, and insert orbs. When you do this, the queen is freed, 
and the quest is done! 

Notes: If you let the lich follow you any further than the base of the 
tower, then it will stop you leaving and you will have to fight it to 
the death. The liches take a while to kill, so they are annoying.  If 
you have somebody as a tank in the palace, don't wield the staff of the 
positive plane until you have to kill the final cleric. If you are 
wielding the staff then monsters will attack you, even if someone is trying 
to defend. (80)

85) REMOVED

86) Evil God: If you solve this after they've removed Jack the Ripper, 
you'll get popped for qinfo.  LOSER! (90)

87) REMOVED

88) Balooga Falls: Note: You'll need an anchor.  Go to the bridge and 
knock out the pegs, then grab or hold rope before you knock them out.  
Go to nyrow. say hi, quest, demons, jobs, angeldemons.  4w/n/e/n/look at 
painting/look at bench/open bench/get map/look at map.  The go s/say 
hi/say angeldemons/say falls/say barrel/w/s/3w/look at monument. look at 
base, look at hole (search just to play dumb 3s/5e, say {hi, job, 
quest, demons, god, false god, gnos, monument} 4w/2n/5w, pray to gnos or 
just pray. Kill Lars treetop, get all. n/3e/4n/wade into water or wade 
into river. climb into barrel (you'll get that from Lars).  Here is the 
"quest" part. (look at everything just to play dumb) n/3e, walk between 
poles. n kill demon (not so hard, 20K I think) Break mirror, n/get 
all/3s/ walk between poles/4w/nw/3n. kill all guards (EASY) get 
all/w/n/se/arch and finally search liquid (You get 1 gem). s/e/s unlock door, open 
door w, free prisoner, open door e/2s/2se/2e/n. kill Caveman and go 
2n/climb idol. climb idol and pry left eye (I think it was if not do the 
other, you take some damage if you pry the wrong one- this is gem 2). Go 
n/w , say gnos and you'll get hit by water, so you lose ALL HP except 
one, you don't die, turn off all "panic buttons" before you do this. 
Turn your "panic buttons" back on and go e/n/step into light. Go n/w kill 
all, hole, kill all get all, out/2e, jump across (DONT JUMP FOR ROPE, 
look at it and search it but DONT JUMP FOR IT, you'll get thrown out of 
the game if you do) climb down, search, get all (gem 3), climb east 
wall. n door, say 200 (its a riddle you get thrown out of the game if you 
get the wrong answer), notice the name he says... like "Say hi to blah 
for me", and notice his name.) 2n/w, get parchment, look at parchment.. 
(You should do this before anything else) and then afterwards go get 
the mirror gem and such. search throne, search hand, arm, search left arm 
rest (and right arm rest) open one of them (I think it was the right), 
and get gem (4). Go e/2n/ne/e look at skull, look at balls. throw balls 
at skull. You now get gem 5. Go w/n/nw/w/avert eyes from cage, pull 
rope, kill gorgon get amm (gem 6) e/n. Say hi, gems demons, gnos, 
angeldemons. You should go to this guy first too, (after stilts and parchment 
because he gives you lots of good information, about the room of the 
kings (throne room). Ok.... Right n is a DEATHTRAP... To avoid it, you 
should type pray to gnos every round.. He will save you.. BUT if you are 
lagging... R.I.P. My advice is to trigger this to go every round. 
Search/get all (gem7)/n/say hi, he will say "I don't talk to strangers". 
Remember the name at the riddle dude, say Byro n.. He will ask who told 
you, say Ragorse. Then to let him pass, say false god or quest or 
something. Right n is a VERY DANGEROUS Hydra, class 120K or something. You have 
to kill him, but there is a trick that might just work. Try to go north 
and back s to the manticore, and then n again, hopefully he will let 
you pass. If not you have to kill him. Go n until you come to a door, 
search it and search holes. Here is the right sequence you should put the 
gems in. If not it's been changed: Hole 7=Emerald. Hole 6=Ruby. Hole 
5=Sapphire. Hole 4=Diamond. Hole 3=Pearl. Hole 2=Opal. Hole 1=Topaz. Go 
all n and look at painting. look at EVERY item on the painting. Then 
finally look at moon. Step through the wall (it will say the correct 
syntax for you) and get all and say GO you will get transported out to 
Balooga falls. Find your way to nyrow, (think it's just go n). Then go 
6w/3s/6e (You'll be back at the priest). say staff, anchor, and the third 
item you got. He will say The staff get it's energy from hearts of 
demons. look at staff. You will notice its base is "screwed" (the hole in the 
monument is also screwed). So kill ALL 21 demons, carry ALL hearts in 
your inventory, and go to the monument and type insert staff in monument 
(or hole).  Kill false god. The god hunts so be careful not to drag him 
to town and let some other asshole kill him. (90)

89) Wayhaven: First: map all of Wayhaven.  
From the portal go: 5e/5s/e and climb stairs to the clerk.  
Present yourself and he'll tell you that you need citizenship.
Enter the stall n/w of portal and buy a guitar.  
Then go to the woman on balcony (6n/2e of portal).  
Serenade woman and receive her message.  
Find the captain of the guard (4s/climb staircase from portal) and 
deliver message.
He'll give you another message.  
Go back to the woman and deliver the new message.  
She gives you a note, take this to the guild master 
(e/2n/w/enter door/w/present note from woman).  
He gives you guild sponsorship.  
Go back to the clerk and present yourself.  
He tells you to get a bounty hunter's license.  
Go to tintorillos (w/s of clerk) and 'prepare document'.
They'll tell you that you need ink and notarized paper.  
Go to the ink shop (n/w/5n/7e/2n/2e/3n/4w/2n/e from tintorillos).  
Ink master tells you that you need an ink fish 
(w/n/4w/s/kill fisherogre/get rod/catch fish).  
Go back to ink master and buy ink.  
Go to the paper shop (w/n/3w/4n from ink shop) and buy legal bond 
paper.
Go get it notarized (3w/2 or 3s from clerk).  
There's a sign saying that the notary office is along the Promenade.
You can't get there unless you have a pass so go to the printer shop
(12e/2n/2e/2n/w from portal) and buy pass.  
He'll tell you to go to a forger and 'shimmy on out of here'. 
Shimmy and you'll go up a ladder to the forger.  
He needs special and ink and paper so guess where you get to go again!  
Come back and get your pass.  Go back to the Promenade 
(5e/5s/w/3s/3e from portal) and 'notarize document'.  
Go e/n search the dock.  Leap to the boat you find, 
free smuggler and he'll take you back and give you an important item.
Go back to tintorillos (see why you need to map Wayhaven??) 
and 'prepare document' by going s of the clerk and typing 'sign 
document'.
The 5 councilors each need a bribe, and each bribe is different.  
1: a gem (dwarven traders north of portal), 
2) a gladhand (hustler in se section of Wayhaven), 
3) a book on making money 
(Wayhaven library: 7w/3s/2e/2s/u/w from portal. 
Kill everyone, search the shelves and steal book), 
4) a drow tapestry (go to gunpowder shop [s/3e/n of paper shop] and buy 
gunpowder.
Go to the citadel cannon [4s/2w/3s of portal], light cannon, and climb 
in cannon.
Go through the citadel and kill the guards.  
Kill the captain and step in haze.  
Kill the guards, climb up, kill more guards, and go west. 
Kill the guards, but not the sergeants.  
Keep heading west, kill the captain, and go west and then north.  
Search a few rooms north and get the tapestry.  Give it to the 
councilor), 
5: silver dragon scale (challenge arena [4n/e/d from portal] 
and challenge the baby silver dragon.  
Kill it and get the scale.)  
Once you have all 5 signatures go back to the clerk and present 
yourself.
He tells you about the quest.  
Head to the brothel (8e/3s/3e/2n/e from portal).  
Peruse the book and request a whore.  
You need to go the guild HQ (8n/5e/2n/e from portal) and request guild 
membership.
Buy thread and velvet from the stalls in the bazaar (s/w and s/e from 
portal) 
and go to the seamstress (12e/2n/2e/7n from portal) where you order a 
sash.  
Go back to the brothel, order a whore, and pleasure him/her.  
Request the madam and kill her.  She escapes through a secret door.  
Search around, go through the secret door, kill her, get the papers and 
the key.  
Search around to find the exit again.  
Now, go to the chief mugger in the mews (5e/4n/e/3s/e from portal) 
and kill the mugger (who has a dwarf mask).  
Go w/3n/4w/s/e/s and wear the mask to go into the dwarven pub.  
Kill the 5 dwarves that attack you and search the mirror and go down 
through the trap door.  Then go n/e and search around.  
Open the door you find with the key you got from the madam.  
Kill the chief mugger who attacks (80k) and then search around to get 
his seal.  
You also find a secret exit leading you out to a safe place.  
Go back to the clerk and present yourself again.  
As you head to the mayor's office you fall into a well.  
Blow the whistle you got from the smuggler and he'll come and take you 
to a 
secret entrance.  Search the ladder (to disarm a trap).  
Climb up and kill the mayor. (95)

90) Balance: (100)

91) Durskaen: (100)

92) Epic: (100)

93) Keylon Crown: (100)

94) Miritar: (100)

95) Ravenloft:(100) Removed:

73) Vole the Hateful: REMOVED 

Go to Deep Mountain and find the drow translator.  Go to level 4 of the 
underdark maze and get the maul of the titans.  Go to the 'open fields' 
and 'dig' 20 or 30 times in each room until you hear a rumbling sound.  
It will say you fell into a hole or something, dig until it says you 
can't anymore.  Listen to what you're told and you'll be given a strand 
of beads.  Hang on to this!  Go back to level 4 of the maze and listen 
at the dusty corner until you hear someone mumble something.  Make a 
note of what word is mumbled.  Go to the demon spider and kill it.  Search 
the throne and open door, go down and search around.  You'll be asked 
for a password (this is the word you heard mumbled).  Keep going and 
head south at the first intersection you run into.  Break beads and watch 
the show.  Note: be VERY careful of the demon spider.  If you're lucky 
you'll get the demon spider carapace from it (a nice piece of armor). 
(80)

Plain Text Attachment [ Download File | Save to Yahoo! Briefcase ] 

As of now the only areas are fantasy areas. All directions are 
currently zMUD speedwalk strings.
n 	3 	Adalius 	Windraker Manor 	Fantasy  .(portal)7w3ne;.(enter)
n 	4 	Alayna 	Winter Wonderland 	Fantasy 	X
n 	7 	Amish 	The Tomb of Belzer Stonefoot 	Fantasy 	X
n 	10 	Aravan 	Isle of Bones 	Fantasy 	X
n 	22 	Askye 	Balur's Cave 	Fantasy 	X
n 	25 	Aztec 	Guile's Forest 	Fantasy        .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9nwn8wh
n 	26 	Aztec 	Troll Hunter's Cabin 	Fantasy.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ej2ne4n;.(enter)
n 	30 	Bake 	Shadow Tree 	Fantasy 	X
n 	33 	Bebe 	Tomb of Almoni Ploni 	Fantasy 	X
n 	35 	Blackstaff and Pull 	Hobgoblin Cave 	Fantasy 	X
n 	36 	Blazen 	Desert Nomad Village 	Fantasy 	X
n 	41 	Bran 	A High Tor 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n2e;.(path)
n 	42 	Bran 	Darklynd Park 	Fantasy 	.(portal)7w3nwnw
n 	43 	Bran 	Faunist Guild 	Fantasy 	X
n 	44 	Bran 	Forest of Menhirs 	Fantasy 	.(portal)15e;.(leave)el8es
n 	45 	Bran 	Houses of the Wayhaven Rich 	Fantasy .(portal)7w2n;.(enter)
n 	46 	Bran 	Murus Faralain 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w7nwnw
n 	47 	Bran 	Tower of Miritar 	Fantasy 	X
y 	48 	Bran and Timescape 	Serinth 	Fantasy .(portal)7w8se;.(pay serinth)
n 	51 	Caalan 	Jaffa's Lair 	Fantasy 	X
n 	53 	Cailet 	Askar's Aviary 	Fantasy 	X
n 	57 	Calvin 	Lleera's Tree 	Fantasy 	X
y 	59 	Casso 	Aunt May's Cottage 	Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nw2n;.(enter)
y 	60 	Casso 	Portentous Shoppe 	Fantasy 	.(portal)7w3s4wn;.(enter)
n 	64 	Cirrus 	Sea Cliffs 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)k2sk2lsl
n 	65 	Cirrus 	Seahaven 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2ej17nen2en
y 	71 	Cletus 	Tower of Arcanarton 	Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne8n6ws4wk;.(trail)
n 	74 	Crossbone 	Chapel 	Fantasy 	X
n 	76 	Crowley 	Dreamville 	Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el4es2e4sle
n 	77 	Damo 	Desert Palace 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)wk3ws2ws2ws5w2s
n 	79 	Damo 	Purana's Cave 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nw7n
n 	84 	Dayln 	Nomad Camp 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)wk3ws2ws2wsws;.(path)
n 	87 	Distortion 	Casaria 	Fantasy 	X
n 	89 	Distortion 	Javelin's tower 	Fantasy 	X
n 	90 	Distortion 	Overlands 	Fantasy 	X
n 	96 	Dozy 	Desert Caverns 	Fantasy 	X
y 	99 	Druss 	Abbey of Tyr 	Fantasy 	Ravenloft
n 	103 	Druss 	Symbearn Crypt 	Fantasy 	X
n 	104 	Druss 	Tomb of King Alaren 	Fantasy 	X
n 	105 	Druss and Darkfyre 	Arovian Graveyard 	Fantasy 	X
n 	106 	Dynon 	Aiden's Tomb 	Fantasy 	X
n 	110 	Eek 	Gnoll Outpost 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)4ne7n;.(path)
n 	113 	Eek and Beefcake 	Tower of the Grand Summoner 	Fantasy 	X
y 	114 	Eek and Beefcake 	Van Richten Manor 	Fantasy 	Ravenloft
n 	119 	Fantasy 	Frost Giant Lair 	Fantasy 	X
n 	120 	Fantasy 	Ice Crevice 	Fantasy 	X
n 	121 	Fido 	Colosseum 	Fantasy 	X
n 	126 	Flaxen 	Tower of Pak-Tor 	Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj7nene3n
n 	130 	Fubger 	The Libarary of Elandra 	Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w3nwk
n 	132 	Ganzie 	Clear Falls Valley 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nw2n4wh
y 	139 	Glorfindel 	Ralintaro's Tower 	Fantasy 	X
n 	148 	Heath 	Devourer Cavern 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w9nd
n 	154 	Hobbes 	Kalaena's Fountain 	Fantasy 	.(leave)4w2n2wn;.(enter)
n 	160 	Indium 	Jigokudani 	Fantasy 	X
n 	167 	Johnny 	Desert Ruins 	Fantasy 	X
y 	168 	Johnny 	Sarkath Khan 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)4w11n;.(path)
n 	169 	Joker 	Elegon's Hut 	Fantasy 	X
n 	174 	Jux 	Karak's Hut 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)n10elej3e;.(enter)
n 	175 	Karde 	Rich Mansion 	Fantasy 	.(portal)7w3n3es;.(enter)
y 	176 	Keeble 	Dragon Knight 	Fantasy 	X
n 	177 	Kelson 	A hidden crevice 	Fantasy 	X
n 	182 	Kino 	Witch coven 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n2w3n;.(path)
n 	186 	Kinslayer 	Forest of Unicorns 	Fantasy 	X
n 	188 	Kintax 	Hermit's Hut 	Fantasy 	X
n 	192 	Kohl 	Alchemy School 	Fantasy 	.(portal)7w3sen
n 	193 	Kohl 	Azral's Tower 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3n2w;.(enter)
n 	194 	Kohl 	Crystal Caves 	Fantasy 	X
n 	195 	Kohl 	Geloe's Cottage 	Fantasy 	X
n 	196 	Kohl 	Inyxx Pyramid 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)ene4ne11nw8n
n 	197 	Kohl and Kintax 	Elven Woods 	Fantasy 	X
n 	199 	Kohl and Timescape 	Dragon Isle 	Fantasy 	X
n 	203 	Koronin and Tuesdai 	Great Well of Crenda 	Fantasy .(portal)7w3nw8nw
n 	208 	Lipscom 	Gamal Islands 	Fantasy 	X
n 	211 	Lockheed 	Cavern in the Dunes 	Fantasy 	X
n 	212 	Loomer 	Ganeshan's Pit 	Fantasy 	X
n 	214 	Lorderon 	Ruined Mage School 	Fantasy 	X
n 	215 	Lostar 	Ancient Pirate Ship 	Fantasy 	X
n 	216 	Lostar 	Askar's Manor 	Fantasy 	X
n 	217 	Lostar 	Isle of Vilanthia 	Fantasy 	X
n 	218 	Lostar 	Lair of the Ogre 	Fantasy 	X
n 	220 	Lostar 	Necromancer's Lair 	Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n2w7n;.(enter)
n 	221 	Lostar 	Tower Of The Moon 	Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w7n5wn2whn
n 	222 	Machina 	Bukken Tunnels 	Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)4e2j2ele;.(hole)
n 	226 	Manson 	Harpy Forest 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3j7ej
n 	229 	Mischief 	Fort of Torrin Forest 	Fantasy 	X
n 	232 	Mischief 	Murdock Chicken Plant 	Science .(enter)u4ndne7n7en12e;.(enter)
n 	233 	Mischief 	Snowbeast Lair 	Fantasy 	X
y 	235 	Mischief and Keeble 	Angelo 	Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3n10whwhwk4s
y 	236 	Mischief and Keeble 	Mount Perplexus 	Fantasy 	X
n 	237 	Mischief and Kintax 	Tomb of Rutha-Al 	Fantasy 	X
y 	239 	Mischief and Zix 	Djinni Isle 	Fantasy 	X
n 	248 	Miyurachi 	Garou Cave 	Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3j;.(enter)
y 	250 	Monte 	Angelo Well 	Fantasy 	X
n 	253 	Morin 	Naiad Lair 	Fantasy 	X
n 	254 	Morkin 	Troll Caves 	Fantasy 	X
n 	256 	Mors 	Community of Demon Summoners 	Fantasy 	X
y 	259 	Mos 	Balooga 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)ene4ne9n12w
n 	261 	Mosiah 	Dryad Tree 	Fantasy 	.(portal)15e;.(leave)el14e;.(clearing)
n 	262 	Mosiah 	Zith-el 	Fantasy 	X
n 	273 	Nanook 	Tower of Fire 	Fantasy 	X
n 	274 	Nanook 	Tower of Frost 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2ej17nen3ej
n 	275 	Nanook and Beast 	Catacombs 	Fantasy 	X
n 	279 	Olethros 	Kelon 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)n10elej7es
n 	281 	Olfin 	Grindur 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9n10w;.(enter)
n 	283 	Olower 	Cave Hideout 	Fantasy 	X
n 	284 	Olower 	Club Chaos 	Chaos 	.(enter)3e2s3e
n 	286 	Olower 	Sphinx 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)wk13w
n 	288 	Orthas 	Drow Exiles 	Fantasy 	X
n 	289 	Orthas 	Duhal's Ant Caves 	Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w7nw2nw2h;.(enter)
n 	293 	Peeron 	Abandoned Drow Temple 	Fantasy 	X
n 	294 	Peeron 	Amethyst Tower 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)enenej2ne2n;.(enter)
n 	295 	Peeron 	Catapult Crevice 	Fantasy .(portal)12n;.(leave)enenejn2e2j2nj10n
y 	297 	Peeron 	Marble Castle 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ej2n2e;.(enter)
n 	298 	Peeron 	Momentory Keep 	Fantasy 	X
n 	300 	Peeron 	Silversmith 	Fantasy 	X
n 	301 	Peeron 	Troll Den 	Fantasy 	X
y 	303 	Pfunk 	Forest of Types 	Fantasy 	X
n 	307 	Pfunk 	Nogrith Manor 	Fantasy 	X
y 	308 	Pfunk 	Spire 	Fantasy 	        .(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j12n;.(enter spire)
n 	310 	Pfunk 	Zelligar's Castle 	Fantasy .(portal)12w;.(leave)3w4n;.(enter)
y 	315 	Pistil 	Medlar Castle 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)ene4ne11nw2n4w;.(path)
n 	317 	Pistil 	Temple of the Zombie God 	Fantasy 	Ravenloft
n 	318 	Pistil 	Woodsman's Cottage 	Fantasy 	X
n 	319 	Polanna 	Dragon Isle 	Fantasy 	X
n 	320 	Polanna 	Heaven 	Fantasy 	X
y 	321 	Polanna 	Island of Tapan 	Fantasy 	.(portal)7w8se;.(pay tapan)
y 	322 	Polanna 	Mira's Cottage 	Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)e2jn2enj;.(enter)
n 	330 	Rakk 	Filthy Wayhaven Alley 	Fantasy 	X
n 	331 	Rampage and Vraal 	Temple of Drackonus 	Fantasy 	X
n 	333 	Rastafan 	Deep Mountain 	Fantasy 	X
n 	334 	Rastafan 	Hell 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2njn;.(enter)
n 	335 	Rastafan 	Land of the Ice People 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne14n;.(portal)
n 	336 	Rastafan 	Mage Tower 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2ej10n;.(enter)
n 	337 	Rastafan 	Rabbit Fields 	Fantasy 	.(portal)15e;.(leave)el8els
n 	338 	Rastafan 	Shansabyk's Castle 	Fantasy .(portal)15e;.(leave)el8el2skls4kwhwks
n 	339 	Rastafan 	The Abyss 	Fantasy 	X
n 	340 	Rastafan 	The Dragon Realms 	Fantasy 	X
n 	341 	Rastafan 	The Drow Kingdom of fe der Shad 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)15e;.(leave)el8el2skls2k
n 	343 	Razorx 	The Barbarian Plains 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w4n3ws3w
n 	345 	Requiem 	Faerie Glade 	Fantasy 	X
n 	346 	Requiem 	Theatre of Souls 	Fantasy 	X
n 	347 	Requiem 	Troll Alliance 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)15e;.(leave)el4es3w;.(in)
n 	350 	Rumor 	Dragon Labyrinth 	Fantasy 	X
n 	353 	Rumor 	The Isle of Ao 	Fantasy 	X
n 	355 	Rumor 	Tookwich 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nw3nw3n;.(path)
n 	356 	Rumor 	Xaxis 	Fantasy 	
.(fantasy);.(portal)12w;.(leave)wk10w;.(rent carpet)
n 	358 	Ryft 	Everlynd Park Maze 	Fantasy 	.(portal)7w3nw2n
n 	360 	Ryft 	Great Lighthouse of Land's End 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)15e;.(leave)el8e3l3s
n 	364 	Ryft 	Temple of Kourlyn 	Fantasy 	.(portal)7w3s2ws
n 	366 	Safeire 	Spring of Kierlanai 	Fantasy 	X
n 	367 	Safeire 	Tower of Vindaes 	Fantasy 	.(portal)w2s2w
n 	368 	Safeire 	Wayhaven Lovers 	Fantasy 	X
n 	369 	Salrylia 	Abandoned Garden 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)15e;.(leave)4e2jn2j9en
n 	372 	Samiel 	Thistlebeard's Galleon 	Fantasy 	X
n 	380 	Seiger 	Diamond Mine 	Fantasy 	X
n 	381 	Seiger 	Fwiffo's Cottage 	Fantasy 	X
n 	382 	Seiger 	Gargoyle Den 	Fantasy 	X
n 	383 	Seiger 	Mt. Silvermoon 	Fantasy 	X
n 	384 	Seiger 	Mt. Silvermoon Graveyard 	Fantasy 	X
n 	385 	Seiger 	Samantha's Cathedral 	Fantasy 	X
n 	386 	Seiger 	Sin'Jun's Cave 	Fantasy 	X
n 	387 	Seiger 	St. Elmo's Grave 	Fantasy 	X
n 	388 	Serpentine 	Icy Grave 	Fantasy 	X
n 	390 	Serpentine 	Woodsman's Hut 	Fantasy 	X
n 	391 	Shadow 	Fire Giant Lair 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)enenejn2e2j2nj3n;.(enter)
n 	392 	Shadow 	Shadow Dragon Lair 	Fantasy 	X
n 	393 	Shadow 	The Plane of Fire 	Fantasy 	X
n 	394 	Shadowlotus 	Bandit Hut 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12w;.(leave)3n2w;.(enter)
n 	395 	Shadowlotus 	Cave of the Snowbeast 	Fantasy 	X
n 	400 	Skeet 	Gnome House 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2nw8n;.(path)
n 	401 	Skeet 	Scorpion Caves 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12w;.(leave)11w;.(enter)
n 	402 	Skeet 	Teek's Island 	Fantasy 	X
n 	403 	Skinless 	Kartico's Hovel 	Fantasy 	X
n 	404 	Skinless 	Orc Tunnel 	Fantasy 	X
n 	405 	Skinless 	Orc Village 	Fantasy 	X
n 	406 	Skinless 	Realm of the Marsh Goblins 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)15e;.(leave)el4es4e
n 	410 	Slick 	Roc's Nest 	Fantasy 	X
n 	414 	Slister 	Lost Woods 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)n10ele2je;.(grove)
n 	415 	Slister 	Prismatia's Cavern 	Fantasy 	X
n 	419 	Solo 	Ancient Dolmen 	Fantasy 	.(portal)15e;.(leave)eles
n 	421 	Solo 	Zosimus's House 	Fantasy 	X
n 	427 	Stelari 	Excavation Site in the Icelands 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9nw5nwn;.(enter)
n 	428 	Stelari 	Hacketoff's Bridge 	Fantasy 	X
n 	432 	Stelari 	Temple of Rauthgar 	Fantasy 	.(portal)7w6sws
n 	439 	Surielle 	Angel Garden 	Fantasy 	X
n 	441 	Syd 	Druid Copse 	Fantasy 	.(portal)15e;.(leave)5e;.(trail)
n 	442 	Syd 	Grue Cave 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj5n2ed
n 	448 	Takamori 	The Mission of Kecyc 	Fantasy 	X
n 	451 	Talimar 	Lemuria Dream 	Fantasy 	X
n 	453 	Talimar 	Old Storyteller's Cabin 	Fantasy 	X
n 	457 	Talismon 	Cove of the Three 	Fantasy 	X
y 	458 	Talismon 	Masque 	Fantasy 	Ravenloft
n 	460 	Talismon and Bork 	Mount Knivur 	Fantasy 	X
n 	462 	Tarin 	Azral's Tunnel 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n2w4n;.(enter)
n 	463 	Tarin 	Ethereal Tower 	Fantasy 	X
n 	465 	Tarin 	Haunted Manor 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)4w2n3w7n3w
n 	466 	Tarin 	Holy Shrine 	Fantasy 	X
n 	469 	Tensor 	Ant Caves 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj7nenen2en2end
y 	471 	Tensor 	Barovia 	Fantasy 	Ravenloft
y 	474 	Tensor 	Der'Thalas 	Fantasy 	Ravenloft
y 	475 	Tensor 	Epic Quest 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9nw2n2w;.(enter)
n 	476 	Tensor 	Gargoyle Lair 	Fantasy 	X
n 	477 	Tensor 	Ice Cave 	Fantasy 	X
y 	478 	Tensor 	Katin 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3j6en
n 	479 	Tensor 	Lonely Keep 	Fantasy 	X
n 	480 	Tensor 	Obsidian Tower 	Fantasy 	X
y 	481 	Tensor 	Rampart 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)15e;.(leave)el8e2l4ej;.(sinkhole)
y 	483 	Tensor 	Ravenloft 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)n6en2e2j3es
y 	484 	Tensor 	Ravenloft Castle 	Fantasy 	Ravenloft
y 	485 	Tensor 	Ravenloft of the Past 	Fantasy 	Ravenloft
n 	486 	Tensor 	Shadowborn Manor 	Fantasy 	X
n 	488 	Tensor 	Taslen 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)n6en2e2j6el5e
n 	489 	Tensor 	The Planes of Hell 	Fantasy 	
n 	490 	Tensor 	Treant Forest 	Fantasy 	Ravenloft
n 	497 	Tharog 	Rimalkin Cave 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne8n6ws;.(enter cave)
n 	499 	Theseus 	The Wreck of Stormbringer 	Fantasy 	X
n 	500 	Thorin 	Valley of Forests and Glaciers 	Fantasy 	X
n 	503 	Thyros 	Rocky Hill 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)4wn5wnwn
n 	506 	Tinder 	Kazhir's Hut 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj6n3e;.(enter)
n 	510 	Tiro 	Forest Beach and Cove 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)n6en2e2j6el4e
n 	514 	Tiro 	The Mews 	Fantasy 	.(portal)5en
n 	516 	Tiro and Blackstaff 	Wayhaven 	Fantasy 	.(portal)
n 	518 	Tiro and Zetron 	Isle of Kimlark 	Fantasy 	X
n 	519 	To 	A Dark Cavern 	Fantasy 	X
n 	468 	Train 	Wayhaven Hitown Docks 	Fantasy 	.(fantasy);.(portal)7w8s
n 	521 	Tramane 	Crevice of the Mystic Seal 	Fantasy 	X
n 	522 	Tramane 	Enchanted Spring 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3j4en
n 	523 	Trandamere 	Fachan Village 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)15e;.(leave)el4e2swsws
n 	524 	Trandamere 	Lair of the Owlbear 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)n9e;.(path)
n 	525 	Tranzic 	Abandoned Forest Home 	Fantasy 	X
n 	526 	Tranzic 	Cave in the Hills 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ejn2e2j2nj7n4e;.(cave)
n 	531 	Tuesdai 	Kunzit's Hole 	Fantasy 	X
n 	545 	Ulme 	Deghna's Maze 	Fantasy 	X
n 	560 	Vermillion 	Dragon Cave 	Fantasy 	X
n 	561 	Vermillion 	Harfain 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)2w11nh
n 	564 	Vexorg 	Desert Psionicist Tents 	Fantasy 	X
n 	565 	Vexorg 	Desert Stronghold 	Fantasy 	X
n 	566 	Vexorg 	Realm of the Verbeeg 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)2n3ej22n
n 	567 	Vexorg 	Rock Pile 	Fantasy 	X
n 	569 	Vivianne 	Desert Caverns 	Fantasy 	X
n 	576 	Vlad 	Garrison on the Plains 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2nen;.(enter)
n 	579 	Vraal 	Overgrown Fields 	Fantasy 	X
n 	580 	Vraal 	Schloss Mordenheim 	Fantasy 	X
n 	582 	Vraal and Rampage 	Snake Pit 	Fantasy 	X
y 	583 	Vryce 	Uslopta's Tower 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)15e;.(leave)el3e;.(enter)
n 	584 	Wain 	Cavemaw 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12w;.(leave)3n4w3nwn7w
n 	585 	Wain 	Temple of Light 	Fantasy 	X
n 	586 	Wain 	Troll Bridge 	Fantasy 	X
n 	589 	Watson 	Elemental Planes 	Fantasy 	X
n 	591 	Watson 	Talbo's Forest Home 	Fantasy 	X
n 	597 	Xanthil 	Troll Forest 	Fantasy 	X
y 	600 	Xiola 	Phantom Ship 	Fantasy 	X
n 	605 	Zetron and Lagman 	Pegasus Port 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne9nwn6w;.(path)
n 	606 	Zhaoyun 	Shaolin Temple 	Fantasy 	
.(portal)12n;.(leave)n6enen3jen
n 	607 	Zimpor 	Banyan Tree 	Fantasy 	X
n 	608 	Zimpor 	Crevice in the Hills 	Fantasy 	X
n 	609 	Zimpor 	Tunnels of the Rohm Giddor 	Fantasy 	X
n 	610 	Zix 	Giant Camp 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)4n2e2ne8n11w
n 	611 	Zix 	Wayhaven Arena 	Fantasy 	.(portal)4ned
n 	557 		Fantasy Overlands 	Fantasy 	.(portal)12n;.(leave)

Plain Text Attachment [ Download File | Save to Yahoo! Briefcase ] 

Fantasy Pubs

************

Bacchus-----------------PTS...12n,exit,4n,9w,sleep,gate,5e,2n,2e...

Egon's------------------PTS...12n,exit,8n,5w,2n,path,enter...

Wayhaven----------------PTS...8e,3s,se,4s,e...

Winter's Haven----------PTR...8w,2n...

Deep Mountain-----------PTF...5w,6s,5e,8s,2w,s,3d(minor combat with 
2-5k drow),3n,nw,3w,7s(til'w),3e,se,enter hole,s...

Troll Fodder------------PTR...w,2n,enter,3n,w,4n,2w,2s...

Meat Market-------------PTS...12n,exit,5n,16e,2s,bow led,4s,e...

Golden Nugget-----------PTR...4w,2n,path,gates,5n,e,s,w...

Underdark Pub-----------PTF...5w,6s,5e,8s,2w,s,3d(minor combat with 
2-5k drow),s,3e,enter,n...

Undersea Pub------------PTI...7s, 11e, enter, d, se, 2sw, se, kill 
cyclops, north, take bracelet, wear bracelet, s, nw, 2ne, nw, sw, e, kill 
man, pool, all d, n, enter airlock, breathe, out, 3n, 8e 

(Pubs in The 'Tear')----PTR...7e,tear,3se,e,5s......

Mystic Inn                   3e,enter city,3s,w...

Elven Spirit                 w,3s,2e,n,enter town,4n,ne,enter 
traveller,(push ?),leave,5e,s,w...

Dragon's Den                 w,3s,2e,n,enter town,4n,ne,enter 
traveller,(push ?),leave,n,e...

Crowns Pub                   w,3s,2e,enter southgate,2n,e...

Razorin/"Swampy Drinks"      w,3s,e,4s,7w,3s,3w.enter 
city,s,2s,e,s,2e...

Blood on the Vine-------PTF...2s,sw,w,nw,enter 
mist,n,nw,e,3n,nw,n,ne,n,7w,n...

Tall and Short of it----PTS...5e,5n...

Titan's Tomb------------PTS...15e,exit,3s,w,board,2s,9e,2s,e,9s,e...

Lazarian----------------PTR...(pegasus?/rampages area)

Jerulsalem 
Pub----------PTR...w,2n,u,summon(pegasus),mount,kick,3n,e,2n,enter,4n,3w,pub...

Kaynbee-----------------PTS...12n,exit,8n,3w,2n,nw,ne,u(harafin)...cave,trace 
symbol,u,out,e,n,d,4w,2s,w...

Pirate's Hole-----------

Pub of Keyloncia -------- Serinth, Keyloncia city.

Rosewood Pub --- Serinth, fort in the woods.


 

Chaos Pubs

 **********

 Roadhouse---------------VT...4w,e,s,w,s,read book,3e,5n,3w,n...

 Tropical----------------VT...3e,2s,e,n...

 Burdog Saloon-----------VT...3w,5s,e...

 Barkers-----------------VT...3e,2s,2e,n,9e,n...

 Kyoto-------------------VT...(find 'strange boy',the PUB is ALL THE 
WAY AT THE END...It's a pain, but oh well :)...

 Crydee------------------VT...4e,w,s,w,s,e,e,u,n,n,2d,s,e,4n...

 Revelwood Pub(Land)-----VT...3e,2s,2e,4n,break arch,say 
land,w,2nw,n,say aliara,climb vine,u,u,sw,nw,w,u,2e,sw,se...

 Tea Shop----------------VT...3w,4n,gate,3w...

 Dolen's Inferno---------VT...3e,2s,2e,n,8n,3n,rent,sleep,dream,(drops 
you at a random spot,find'scummy alley'),u...

 Moe's Tavern------------VT...(find TV/Simspon's),enter tv,3w,enter...

 Gug Butcher-------------VT...

 Willie's Water Hole-----VT...3e,2s,2e,n,3e,n,2w,2n,4e,2n,3e...Chaos 
Zoo

 Starbucks-----------------VT...3e,2s,2e,n,3e,n,2w,3n,3w

 The Reservoir Tavern or Budweiser 
Pub-----------VT...2e,2s,sw,2s,w,n,w,2s,2e,2s,5e,s,e,n


 Science Pubs

 ************

 Dead Hawaian------------ET...u,2e,s,d,enter(train),out(next 
stop),u,2w,2n,w...

 Zero-G------------------ET...2u,board shuttle,exit,3w,4d,2n,2u...

 Cantina-----------------ET...2u,board shuttle,exit,4w,2d,w,n,

                               enter pod,2n...

 Spacers Bar-------------ET...2u,board shuttle,exit,3w,2d,n,enter 
pod,d,e,n...

 Grav Bar----------------ET...2u,board shuttle,exit,3w,2d,u,s,enter 
pod,2u,2e...

 Deevers-----------------ET...2u,board shuttle,out,4w,4n,enter shuttle,

                                 
out,5w,d,2w,sw,nw,n,nw,n,nw,n,ne,enter,s...

 Techno Karyoke Bar------ET...2u,board shuttle,out,4w,4s,enter 
shuttle,out,

                                 n,enter train,out,3n,2w,n,w...

 Angels------------------ET...it's in detroit someplace in the south 
central area

 Syderman's--------------ET...u,2e,n,enter,out,w,2d,e,ne
