While peacefully eating a bowl of Crispix cereal, Hobbes knocks on
your door quietly, almost secretively.  You open the door and let them
inside your home.  Soon, the two of you are lounging casually in the
living room, exchanging stories of humor and past experiences.  The
night draws on, further into the darkness hours, and Hobbes winks at
you, reaching into their portfolio.  Pulling out some papers embossed
with the symbol of a hammer and sickle, they quietly leans over to you
and whispers: "Ok, now here is something you can do that will help
you, your family and your entire way of life."  You then begin
listening intently, enthralled by what he has to say.  At first, the
new conversation scares you, as you begin to hear tales of the British
economic structure of socialism and how it could be attributed to the
woes of the world.  You begin to show visible signs of distress and
discomfort.  Surely Hobbes can tell that you are definitely not
enjoying their visit any longer.  As you are thinking about these very
things, Hobbes suddenly puts a warming hand on your shoulder.  With a
warm sparkle in their eye, Hobbes then begins to soothe you with
stories about the communist party and how, if given the chance, can be
the savior of the human race.  You say "You're a member of the
communist party Hobbes?"  This is responded to by the phrase "Why yes,
yes I am."  You stand in awe.  How could this person, a person you
have known for years and years, be a commie?  Hobbes senses your
distress and grasps you by the shoulders firmly.  Looking deeply into
your eyes, Hobbes begins to sway your better judgement.  At first it's
an intoxicating feeling that you simply cannot avoid.  It makes you
feel warm, like you belong.  Your mind drifts off to visions of people
dancing in the summer wind, calling each other "comrade."  Your heart
skips a beat as you see a communist party leader embracing a common
man with a smile on both their faces.  You see people handing over
their hard-earned money with smiles on their faces, knowing that they
will receive eternal joy and happiness in return.  The room spins
around you in a turmoil.  You suddenly realize that the concept of
capitalism is a sham!  It is all so simple.  You simply give half of
your net income toward the good of the communist party and life
suddenly becomes livable!  What was once all so shameful has now
become clear as the sun in your morning sky.  Life is good!  Hobbes
has shown you the light!  Hobbes swells with pride as they has done
their duty to God and country.  The two of you clasp in an embrace of
true friendship.  All is good and all is peaceful.  A tear rolls down
your face as you look toward all the good times the communist party
will provide you.  You then pick up the mail and see your car payment
is due.  You think for a moment and realize that if you were to give
half your net income, you would then have to give up your ride.  You
say "screw it" and grab the shotgun near the refrigerator.  With a
quick cock of the gun and a gleam in your eye, you scream "DIE
COMMIE!" and blow Hobbes into bloody oblivion.  You then sit back down
to your bowl of Crispix and resume munching.  "Hmm, still crunchy" you
say softly. 


But wait!  There's more.  You hear a slight sound like claws on
linoleum and quickly turn around.  You are then struck a mighty blow! 
Crispix flies everywhere and milk is spattered all around.  you look
up from the ground, dazed beyond belief and stare into a hideous
beast.  It appears that Hobbes has been reincarnated as a hideous
commie-beast!  "Dear God!" you scream as you scramble under the table.
"Bring me half income!" bellows the bloated Hobbes-beast!  You roll
out from underneath the table just before Hobbes smashes it to bits
with his red hammer!  Wood chips fly everywhere as you open the
refrigerator door and hide behind it for cover.  With a gutteral
bellowing, sounding suspiciously like a sack of wet Big Macs being
tossed across the English Channel in late autumn, there is a *woosh*
and suddenly a red-steel sickle blade penetrates the door.  Hobbes
chortles loudly, as bubbles of phleghm spit out and coagulate on their
hairy back.  You scramble out of the kitchen, hearing the
pustule-ridden Hobbes lumbering after you.  You are pelted by
pamphlets and fliers describing the benefits of a communist regime. 
You can't take it anymore and quickly look around the living room. 
"God dammit, why was Hobbes ever born?" you ask out loud.  Scanning
near the fireplace, you see a copy of the Saturday Evening Post with
cover artwork by Norman Rockwell.  Aha!  A signature piece of the
American and capitalist way of life!  You quickly grab the magazine
and roll it into a tight roll, just as liquid Hobbes pours through
holes in the wall.  Reforming into a solid, fleshy hunk of Hobbes
before you, you scream and lunge at the smelly beast.  Hobbes tries
their best to defend themself from your onslaught.  Raising their
hammer and sickle in defense, you strike again, cracking the hammer
and snapping the sickle apart!  You strike again and shove the
magazine into Hobbes's HUGE mouth!  With a cheezy back-kick like only
seen in the Mortal Kombat movies, you strike the disgusting, horrible,
dripping, festring, malignant, infectuous and fat Hobbes into the
fireplace.  Grabbing a match from the mantle, you strike it across
your teeth for effect.  Hobbes goes "ooo" You go "aaaa" and say
"Commie!  I'm gonna put an end to you once and for all!"  You then
toss the match at Hobbes.  The match turns end over end, flying toward
the bulbous, leeching, rotting, leaking and pooping Hobbes as you dive
out the front door.  The flame catches on the flammability of Hobbes's
blood and communist ideals and explodes in a massive firebomb!  Your
house is destroyed in the mammoth blast!  Dammit!  Oh well, you stand
up brush yourself off.  You look down and see a piece of Crispix on
the lawn.  You pick it up and pop it in your mouth and walk away from
that which once was Hobbes.  "Heh" you say to yourself.  "Still
crunchy." 


Oh my God, it's not over.  You walk across your freshly singed lawn
and examine the blasted earth that once was your home.  You
unconsciously wipe a tear from your eye as the pain and loss of all
your personal effects takes a heavy toll upon you.  As you walk away
to pick up the remains of the Saturday Evening Post, your tear rolls
down a piece of metal, crossing over a paper strip of toy caps,
ruining one of them as it passes.  Damn.  It finally reaches the end
of the metal and drips down into a small puddle of Hobbes-goo.  You
are over on the side of your house now, yanking a screwdriver out of a
neighbor's femur, unwittingly allowing the teary filth to coalesce and
bubble forth into a blasphemous freak of nature that is CrapHobbes. 
CrapHobbes then comes over and rips your neighbor's leg from it's
socket, then beats her to death with it.  Knocked aside, you get up
and think "Damn, and she was kinda hot too."  So you scramble away
from the globular CrapHobbes just as it tosses the leg at you.  You
hit the ground with a hard lump, and see a small piece of Crispix
cereal fly through the air.  "Wow" you think, just as the repulsive
Hobbes-FECES slams you in the back!  "Dammit Hobbes you cannot take
me, for I am you and you are me."  The living poop then sloshes over
and eats the remains of your neighbor.  You think to yourself "Man,
and how many times have I wan..."  BOOM!  You are knocked down again,
tripping over your Ricochet Racer car gun.  WHAM!  You fall face first
into the tail of Hobbes and find yourself stuck.  You try with all
your might to reach the toilet for you know that the only way to
dispose of Hobbes is to flush them down the toilet.  You reach up and
with a silent oath to Terry Gilliam, you pull the handle and see the
magic swirling begin to form.  Hobbes is sucked into the porcelain
gateway with an uncanny force.  You step lightly to your feet and walk
over, but look back before you step away. Calmly circling in the bowl,
you see a small piece of Crispix cereal, floating amongst pieces of
corn and other vegetable matter.  You reach for it, but then move your
hand up to the handle and pull it again. I'll just assume it's still
crunchy." 


Holy God almighty, it continues...  The final gurgles of the last
flush of the Hobbes-beast flows into the sewers.  You start walking
toward the store to buy a new box of Crispix when suddenly you feel a
rumble beneath your feet.  Shrugging, you say "Oh, that bothers me,
after all I've been through tonight." and continue on to the store. 
There's another rumble, and you start whistling the tune from "The
Simpsons" and try to ignore it.  A third rumble, a crack in the
sidewalk and a blapping fart later and the Hobbes-beast sloshes their
fat...well, fatness out from under the ground.  Hobbes isn't done with
your sorry ass yet it seems.  You run around the back of your
neighbor's house and dive into the tool shed.  After rummaging his
hidden porn stash, you come across the August 2000 issue of Playboy. 
Flipping through the pages you see the unclothed images of that bride
bitch who wants to just "get out of the public spotlight."  "Damn" you
say and begin to get hot.  Soon you start to unzip...[BROKEN
LINK]...and then the old ladies are thrown into the fjords, their
boots still...[RESUMED LINK]...taking the garden rake, you swing at
Hobbes's fatness.  It's just too much and you're forced to retreat
into the next yard.  Hobbes's putrid, smelly, asinine, boil-encrusted
ass chases you all the way.  Almost knocking you over as you take a
quick left.  Moving with all your might, you look up and see
electrical wires hanging overhead.  Grabbing one end of a nearby 24ft
aluminum extension ladder, the other end of which is conveniently
under Hobbes's flowing fatness, you slide it up to the wires and hit
the deck.  The sparks travel down the ladder and hit Hobbes with a
titanic bolt of energy!  The electricity cooks the fat-Hobbes-beast
until it ends up smelling like one of those stupid snake pellets they
try to pass off as fireworks.  You get up, brush yourself off and go
over to what was once Hobbes, but then became Hobbes's living fatness,
and is now ash.  You kick at the corpse and it crunches under your
feet with a strange familiarity.  "Oh yeah!" you exclaim, and then you
start skipping down the street to the store to get more Crispix.
